He illustrates the point by adding that "the fact that they ever had the common good of the Church at heart and not some private interest is proved by the unimpeachable witness of that most brilliant series of Sodalists to whom Mother Church has decreed the supreme honours of the Altars; their glory throws lustre not merely on the Society of Jesus but on the secular clergy and on not a few religious families, since ten members of the Sodalities of Our Lady became founders of new Religious Orders and Congregations".
  Because of their loyalty to the Church, they are welcome helpers of the hierarchies.
 In the future, twelve principles should be observed for sodalities to continue as an effective Church organization.
 The principles describe the continued value of existing rules, membership based on strict selections, Marian orientation not only in name, leadership by priests, clear but limited rights for priests and bishops, religious education of its members, and, cooperation with other lay organizations.
    Any kind of apostolate belongs to the goals of sodalities, especially social obligations, the spreading of the kingdom of Christ, and the defence of the rights of the Church.
  The  perfect Catholic  formed by the Sodality, corresponds to the needs of our days no less than in previous times.
 More than ever before, we need men formed in the principles of Christian life.
  Sodalists should only be accepted, if they are in no way content with an average way of living.
 They should desire to climb the steep cliffs in their hearts, according to the rules, ascetic guidelines and exercises.
  It is the task of the sodality to train its sodalists so they may become a model of Christian and apostolic life to their fellow men.
    Consecration and entrustment to Mary Marian papal encyclicals and Apostolic Letters   Vatican website: Bis Saeculari  The 1993 Millwall by-election was a local government by-election in the Millwall ward of the London Borough of Tower Hamlets on 16 September 1993.
 The result became widely publicised due to the first ever electoral success for the far-right British National Party by Derek Beackon.
   Millwall is located on the Isle of Dogs in London, England.
 Historically, it had been an area of working class residents mainly employed in the many docks on the Isle of Dogs but the closure of the docks in the 1960s had led to high unemployment and deprivation in the area.
 In the previous full council elections in 1990, Millwall elected three Labour councillors in a marginal contest between Labour and the Liberal Democrats.
 The Liberal Democrats retained control of the overall council, having gained control in 1986 as the Liberal-SDP Alliance.
 No BNP candidate stood for election in Millwall in 1990, although the party contested some other wards in the borough including Beackon who stood in Redcoat ward where he attracted just 3.
6% of the vote.
 An earlier by-election took place in Millwall on 1 October 1992, due to the resignation of Cllr Walker, in which a British National Party candidate stood for the first time.
 They received their highest ever vote share at the time, taking 20% of the vote.
   The next year Cllr Chapman resigned, leading to another by-election in the same ward.
 The British National Party's campaign emphasised 'Rights for Whites' through canvassing and leafleting, while the Labour Party campaign focussed on preventing the election of the first BNP councillor.
 After a recount, Beackon was declared the winner with a majority of just 7 votes.
     Beackon lost his seat in the next election after a large increase in turnout increased the actual BNP vote, but increased the Labour vote further to retake the seat.
 The British National Party would not hold any elected seats again until they won three in Burnley in 2002.
 Beackon did not re-stand for election until 2008 when he took 17.
8% of the vote in Ossett ward on Thurrock council.
  Mstsislaw Raion (Belarusian:    , Russian:    , Mstislavsky raion) is a raion (district) in Mogilev Region, Belarus, the administrative center is the town of Mstsislaw.
 As of 2009, its population was 24,768.
 Population of Mstsislaw accounts for 43.
6% of the district's population.
  The  cole nationale sup rieure d' lectronique, d' lectrotechnique, d'informatique, d'hydraulique et des t l communications (ENSEEIHT) is a French engineering school (Grande  cole) in Electrical Engineering, Electronics, Computer Science, Hydraulics and Telecommunications.
 The INP-ENSEEIHT is a public engineering school,under the trust of the Ministry of National Education, Higher Education and Research and in an agreement with the prestigious Ecole polytechnique.
 INP-ENSEEIHT is one of the seven components of the Institut national polytechnique de Toulouse.
 The standard curriculum is a three-year program resulting in the French Dipl me d'Ing nieur, considered by European universities (Bologna declaration) as a Master's degree of the European Higher Education Area.
 The ENSEEIHT is part of Institut National Polytechnique de Toulouse (INP Toulouse) which is itself part of the University of Toulouse.
 The school is also an associated school of the Institut T l com.
   The school was founded in 1907 by the Toulouse city council with the purpose of training engineers for the South-Western France electrical and hydraulic networks development.
 In the '30s, Charles Camichel, the first director of the school, develops research on hydraulics.
 Hydraulics then contributed to the reputation of the school.
 In 1948, the school has become an ENSI - French abbreviation for National Superior School of Engineering - under the direction of L opold Escande.
 This was an acknowledgement of the high level of the training and the research works.
   As a Grande  cole, the school recruits the majority of the students after the selection made by the competitive examination which is the final step of two years of intensive Classes Pr paratoires aux Grandes  coles.
 Each department has its own required admission rank that is determined by the number of candidates that want to integrate the department.
 Other ways to integrate the school exist, some students are admitted to the school after the University or after two years of specific integrated preparatory classes at the Institut National Polytechnique de Toulouse.
     The standard curriculum is the French specific three-year program in engineering that leads to the Dipl me d'Ing nieur degree.
 This degree is officially considered as a Master's Degree of the European Higher Education Area by the European Bologna declaration.
 The five departments of the school are : Electrical Engineering and Automation Electronics and Signal Processing Computer Science and Applied Mathematics Hydraulics and Fluid Mechanics Telecommunications and Networks The school also delivers Mast res Sp cialis s (Specialized Masters), that are one or two years specialized programs in research that can be made after a Master's Degree.
   The school proposes several opportunities to achieve a Double Degree with the Georgia Institute of Technology (Georgia Tech) in Atlanta, GA (USA) for instance, or with Imperial College in London, United Kingdom.
   The school has established for many years a lots of partnerships with other French and international universities and institutes of technology.
 The ENSEEIHT is also an application school for the very prestigious  cole polytechnique.
     Fr d ric Giron, Vice-President at Springboard Research India.
 Robert Havas, Director of the National Agency for Industry Innovation.
 Marc Jalabert, Marketing and Operations Director at Microsoft France.
 Bernard Parisot, President and co-CEO of JCDecaux North America J r me Seydoux, a French businessman, former CEO and current co-president of Path , the French most influential company in cinema production, distribution and theaters.
 Denis Terrien, Founder and former Director at amazon.
fr Antoine Zacharias, former CEO of Vinci (CAC 40 firm)   Michel Meyer, Founder of Multimania Fr d ric Montagnon, Founder of Overblog, Nomao and Codanova   Laurent Broomhead, French National television show presenter Sophie Lacaze, composer.
   National Polytechnic Institute of Toulouse Institut T l com University of Toulouse   ^ http://www.
enseeiht.
fr/fr/index.
html  Empress Chung (  /  Wanghu simcheong) is a 2005 animated feature film, produced in North and South Korea and directed by Nelson Shin.
   In this epic adventure, based on a famous Korean folk tale, a daughter sacrifices herself to restore her blind father's eyesight.
   As a personal project, Nelson Shin spent eight years getting the project off the ground, including three and a half years of pre-production.
 The film was co-produced in North Korea by the Chosun April 26th Children Film Studio (also known as SEK), and the score was also recorded in the North by the Pyongyang Film and Broadcasting Orchestra.
 In a move unusual for the Korean film industry, the character voices were recorded in both the South and the North due to differences in dialect.
 For the definitive international release version, the South Korean dub is the one used.
   On August 12, 2005, Empress Chung became the first film to have been released simultaneously in both North and South Korea.
 The film was featured at the 2004 Annecy International Animation Festival, and was also recognized with several awards in Korea.
 The film grossed US $140,000 on its opening weekend against a US $6.
5 million budget, continuing a trend of under-performing animated features made for the Korean market.
   Cinema of Korea Korean animation List of animated featured films: 2000's    Lauren Blair Grissom (born 1985) is a beauty queen from Shelbyville, Tennessee who has held the Miss Tennessee USA title.
 Grissom won the Miss Tennessee USA title in a state pageant held in Clarksville on 7 October 2005.
 Grissom represented Tennessee in the Miss USA 2006 pageant broadcast live from Baltimore, Maryland on April 21, 2006.
 She placed as a semi-finalist in the nationally televised pageant, which was won by Tara Conner of Kentucky.
 Grissom graduated from the The Webb School in Bell Buckle, Tennessee in 2003, after which she signed with manager Marcia Weissman and lived in New York City and Los Angeles for several months auditioning and working as a model.
 Lauren has also modeled in Nashville, Atlanta, Chicago, Shang Hai, China, Mexico, and Las Vegas.
 She has appeared in 16 music videos, including those for Jake Owen, Keith Urban, Bon Jovi, and Uncle Kracker, to name a few.
 Lauren has also been in 5 commercials, countless print ads, 2 movies, and fashion shows around the world.
 She came home to continue her education at Middle Tennessee State University as an art major before transferring to study Interior Design.
 She now has a degree in Interior design from O'More College of Design, and is doing event planning in the Nashville area.
 Grissom appeared in the second season of VH1's reality show You're Cut Off!
 2 in 2011, A show that features nine young women who thought they were going to be featured on a show called America's Next It Girl.
 They are surprised instead to be informed that their families have cut them off from their money due to their spoiled ways, will be required to participate and pass an eight week life coaching program in order to be taken back, and that the series will chronicle this process.
 Her other hobbies and interests include painting, knitting, traveling, skeet shooting, snow skiing, and basketball.
    "Falling sickness" was also an archaic term for epilepsy.
 Falling Sickness was a Riverside, California based ska punk band, consisting of Fritz Aragon (vocals, guitar), Zach Howe (vocals, bass), Gabe Gil (vocals), and Mike Angel (drums).
 After six years of being an unsigned band and playing mostly local shows, Falling Sickness were signed to Hopeless Records in 1995.
 Their debut record Right on Time was released soon after in January 1996.
 The record which chronicled the first six years of the band is "about drinking, daydreaming and fucking up; a testament of our youth.
 After all, when we started [Gabe] was only 17 and Fritz was 14".
[1] Their next, and final, record as a band, Because the World Has Failed Us Both was released in February 1998 also on Hopeless Records.
 'Because the World Has Failed Us Both' is "about our growing up" and focuses more on worldly politics rather than the teenage politics of 'Right On Time'.
 In 2000, Falling Sickness disbanded.
 Since then, Fritz and Angel have formed the band Dogs of Ire.
     Right on Time (Hopeless Records, 1996) Because the World Has Failed Us Both (Hopeless Records, 1998)   Hopelessly Devoted to You (Hopeless Records, 1996) Misfits of Ska Volume 2 (Asian Man Records, 1997) Hopelessly Devoted to You Too (Hopeless Records, 1998) Take Action: A Punk Rock Sampler (Sub City Records, 1999) You Call This Music?
!
 Volume 1 (Geykido Comet Records, 2000)   ^ Hopeless Records website biographyThese are the U.
S.
 number-one country albums of 2000, per the Billboard Top Country Albums chart.
 Note that Billboard publishes charts with an issue date approximately 7-10 days in advance.
Friedrich Hieronymus Truhn (born November 14, 1811 in Elbing,   April 30, 1886 in Berlin) was a 19th-century German conductor, composer and music writer who worked mainly in Berlin, Danzig, Elbing and Riga.
 He was the son of Hofmarschall Nathanael Truhn and the grandfather of Selma Erdmann-Jesnitzer, born Bethge-Truhn, father of Clara and Anna Marie Elizabeth Truhn.
 He was a very special person and a talented composer of numerous songs, several stage works, and also a key organizer in the field of men's choirs.
   Friedrich as a boy attracted by his singing abilities, so just as soon he was developing himself as a flute player, and shortly thereafter as a violinist, he was sent to the orchestra of his native town, although his parents did not admitted that he had chosen the music as a career.
 Only in 1831 they allowed him to go to Berlin as a student of theorist Siegfried Wilhelm Dehn, of Carl Friedrich Zelter and Bernhard Klein.
 He briefly studied orchestration with Mendelssohn to be properly trained as musician.
 He worked at the city theater in Gdansk as conductor and music teacher in the years 1835-37 and back in Berlin, he became one of the chief contributors to Schumann's paper, the Neue Zeitschrift f r Musik, Hamburger Correspondenten and the feature pages of the Neue Berliner Musikzeitung.
 In 1840 Friedrich lived in K nigsberg, Prussia, and there held great performances of his own and others musicians' compositions.
 In 1843 he accompanied the pianist Theodor D hler on an art trip to Sweden, where he acted as composer and conductor.
 In 1848 he returned to his birthplace, founded a choral society and organized many public performances.
 There he worked until 1852 as a music teacher and conductor.
 In the meantime he again worked as a freelancer in Berlin, founded the Berliner Liedertafel, a choral society on the conceptual model of King Arthur and the Knights of the Round Table.
 In 1854 he traveled with Mr.
 von B low, and then he settled in Riga, where he worked as vocal and music theory teacher until 1858.
 After that he settled permanently in Berlin.
 His printed compositions, summoning up to well over 100 opus, were almost consistently received in critical acclaim, but in no way they became universally popular pieces.
 They were played, sung and then set aside.
 Truhn was welcome in all social circles, both as a guest and also as a music teacher.
 His death put an end not only to his life, but also to the viability of his compositions as the newspapers of the time published obituaries often appreciative of his person and talent as a classical composer.
     The Fisherman, Opus 1 (1832) The Beautiful Waitress from Bacharach, Opus 13 (1836) Seraphina, Op 19 (after Heine, Laube, Eichendorff) Lieder, Op 21 (after Goethe) The Beetle Boys for 4 male voices with accompaniment, Op 30 (1839) A Love Story in 12 songs, Op 64 The Boy's Death (Uhland, Op 82 The Father's Tomb, Op 105 (1853) L'Abbandonata   Mahad h for solo voices, eight-voice choir and orchestra (1846) The Departure (after Uhland) for solo voices, choir and orchestra (1850)   The Four-Year Income (after Theodor K rner), Singspiel in one act (1833) Trilby (after Ludwig Schneider), a comic opera in 2 acts (1835) Cleopatra, melodrama (for Johanna Wagner, 1853)   About The Art Of Singing And The Teaching Of Art Song (1872) The Old Prima Donna, And, Sounding (1844)   Classical music Romantic music    Attribution This article is based on a translation of the corresponding article on the German Wikipedia.
   Robert Eitner: Truhn, Friedrich Hieronymus in Allgemeine Deutsche Biographie (ADB).
 Volume 38, Duncker & Humblot, Leipzig 1894, p.
 685.
  Ryan Vincent Peters (born 21 August 1987) is an English former professional footballer currently playing for Braintree Town.
 He can play at right wing or centre forward.
 In his first senior appearance, he scored a debut goal against Sheffield Wednesday in 2005 for Brentford.
 Since signing professional terms with Brentford, he has had loan spells with Gravesend and Crawley.
 Peters also had a loan spell with AFC Wimbledon on loan on 23 March 2007 towards the end of the 2006/07 season.
 He again found first team opportunities limited in the 2007/08 season and embarked on another loan spell, this time with Margate.
 Margate signed Peters on a permanent deal on 23 January 2008.
 He signed for Braintree Town on 15 May 2009.
    Electro Beach or Electro Beach Puerto Vallarta is a spring break EDM concert series in Puerto Vallarta, Mexico, started in 2012.
 The concert series features DJs such as Avicii, Tiesto, Calvin Harris, Steve Aoki, Chuckie and more.
   List of electronic music festivals    Mark Orton is an American composer and musician.
 An alumnus of the Peabody Conservatory and the Hartt School of Music, he is a founding member of the San Francisco-based Tin Hat chamber music group, and is best known for his score for the Academy Award-nominated film Nebraska (2013).
 A recipient of a Sundance Composer Fellowship and nominee for Best New Composer by The International Film Music Critics Association, some of his other film credits as a composer include The Good Girl (2002), My Old Lady (2014) and Sweet Land (2006), while he has written or performed songs in films including Everything Is Illuminated (2005) and The Boxtrolls (2014).
 Orton lives in Portland, Oregon.
   My Old Lady (2014, dir.
 Israel Horowitz) A Place in Hell (2014, dir.
 David Boorboor) Box Trolls (2014, dir.
 Anthony Stacchi & Graham Annable) Best Man Contest (short - 2014, dir.
 Ben Mercer) Drunktown s Finest (2014, dir.
 Sydney Freeland) The Roosevelts: An Intimate History (2014, dir.
 Ken Burns) Big Significant Things (2014, dir.
 Bryan Reisberg) 9 (short - 2014, dir.
 Kimberly Warner) La Sedia Della Felicita (2013, dir.
 Carlo Mazzacurati) Nebraska (2013, dir.
 Alexander Payne) Felix Austria!
 (2013, dir.
 Christine Beebe) Dryland (2013, dir.
 Sue Arbuthnot) Redemption Trail (2013, dir.
 Britta Sjogern) A Tangled Tale (short - 2013, dir.
 Corrie Francis Parks) The Revisionaries (2013, dir.
 Scott Thurman) 360 (2011, dir.
 Fernando Meirelles) Buck (2011, dir.
 Cindy Meehl) CPR (short - 2011, dir.
 Kimberly Warner) Mine (2010, dir.
 Geralyn Pezanoski) The Loss of a Teardrop Diamond (2008, dir.
 Jodie Markel) La Giusta Distanza (2007, dir.
 Carlo Mazzacurati) Orthodox Stance (2007, dir.
 Jason Hutt) Beyond Conviction (2006, dir.
 Rachel Libert) Comrades in Dreams (2006, dir.
 Uli Gaulke) Sukkah City (dir.
 Jason Hutt) Everything is Illuminated (2005, dir.
 Liev Schreiber) Sweet Land (2005, dir.
 Ali Selim) The Real Dirt on Farmer John (2005, dir.
 Taggart Seigel) The Mushroom Club (2005, dir.
 Steven Okazaki) Remarkable Power (2008, dir.
 Brandon Beckner) The Good Girl (2002, dir.
 Miguel Arteta)   Soundtracks My Old Lady (2014, BAG Production Records) Nebraska (2013, Milan Records) Tin Hat the rain is a handsome animal (2012, New Amsterdam Records) Foreign Legion (2010, BAG Productions) The Sad Machinery of Spring (2007, Rykodisk) Tin Hat Trio Book of Silk (2004, Artemis Records) The Rodeo Eroded (2002, Ropeadope Records) Helium (2000, EMI/Angel) Memory Is an Elephant (1999, EMI/Angel)    Edenaveys (from Irish:  adan na bhFiach, meaning "hill-brow of the ravens") is a small village and townland in County Armagh, Northern Ireland.
 It lies southeast of Armagh and is within the Armagh City and District Council area.
 In the 2001 Census it had a population of 189 people.
 Historically it has been anglicised as Edenafeagh amongst other variations.
   ^ a b Placenames NI ^ NI Neighbourhood Information System   List of villages in Northern IrelandRolf J hnichen (born Helmsdorf 11 May 1939) is a retired German politician.
 Between 1994 and 1999 he was a member of the Regional Assembly in Saxony.
 Between 1990 and 1998 he served as Saxony's Agriculture minister, with The Environment added to his portfolio in 1998.
 He retired from his political career in 1999.
   J hnichen, a Roman Catholic, was born a few months before the outbreak of war in a small town in the mining region known sometimes as "Saxon Switzerland" near the frontier with Czechoslovakia.
 He attended secondary school in Grimma and Leipzig before moving on to study Agriculture at Leipzig between 1957 and 1963.
 He concluded his studies with agricultural economics, obtaining a doctorate in the subject.
 From 1964 till 1970 he was employed by the Leipzig district council in the Agriculture department (where he was responsible for mining).
 After that, between 1970 and 1990 he was production director and deputy chairman of the Neukirchen Agriculture Co-operative at Borna.
   Rolf J hnichen joined the Christian Democratic Union (East Germany) in 1981.
 (Unlike its west German counterpart, the East German CDU, as part of the country's National Front alliance was effectively controlled by the country's ruling SED party.
) Between 1984 and 1989 J hnichen was a member of the local council in his hometown of Zedtlitz, on the edge of Leipzig.
 Between 1989 and 1990 he was a member of the CDU party executive.
 The fall of the Berlin wall in November was the first of a series of events that by August 1990 had led to the end of East Germany as a stand-alone state and the reunification of Germany.
 During this period, between May and November 1990, J hnichen served as the first freely elected council leader ("Landrat") in Borna district.
 Between February 1990 and September 1994 he served as district chairman of the CDU (the eastern and western pieces of which reunited in October 1990).
 In October 1994 he was elected to the Saxony regional assembly (Landtag), representing a Leipzig district.
 He continued to sit as a member of the Landtag till the 2009 when he decided not to seek re-election in the September election.
 From 2000 he was also a member and chairman of his party's regional Senior Citizens' Committee.
   Between 1990 and 1998 Rolf J hnichen served as regional Secretary of State for Food, Forests and Agriculture.
 Following a reconfiguration in 1998 he became Secreatary of State for the Environment and Agriculture.
 He was succeeded in 1999 by Steffen Flath.
  Khanderao may refer to: Khandoba, a regional Hindu deity, worshipped in Deccan Khanderao Dabhade (Title hereditary in the family (Senapati of Satara)), Maratha Empire.
 Khande Rao Gaekwad, Maharaja of Baroda (1856 1870), after whom is named the Khanderao Market, Baroda.
 Khanderao Holkar (d.
 1872), husband of Ahilyabai HolkarKnife of Dreams (abbreviated as KoD by fans) is the 11th novel in the fantasy series The Wheel of Time by American author Robert Jordan.
 It was published by Tor Books in the U.
S.
 and Orbit in the UK and released on October 11, 2005.
 Upon its release, it immediately rose to the #1 position on the New York Times hardcover fiction bestseller list, making it the fourth consecutive Wheel of Time book to reach the #1 position on that list.
 Knife of Dreams is 784 pages long, including a glossary.
 It has a prologue, 37 chapters, and an epilogue.
   The prologue to Knife of Dreams, entitled "Embers Falling on Dry Grass", was sold by the Scribner imprint of Simon & Schuster as an ebook on July 22, 2005, three months before the publication of the book itself.
 Part of the prologue was first made available in the paperback edition of New Spring (released on June 13, 2005); upon the release of the full prologue as an eBook, this partial excerpt was made available online at [1].
 Additionally, a promotion at Amazon.
com allowed those who preordered Knife of Dreams from August 10 to October 10, 2005 to immediately download at no additional cost the first chapter of the book, entitled "When Last Sounds".
   The opening epigram of the book is:  "The sweetness of victory and the bitterness of defeat are alike a knife of dreams.
   From Fog and Steel by Madoc Comadrin"   This volume of The Wheel of Time depicts several distinct plots.
 Unusual Trolloc attacks, the dead walking, ripples in the fabric of the world and other events seem to indicate that the Last Battle is drawing near; several characters using different evidence confidently state that Tarmon Gai'don is close at hand.
   A confrontation between Galad Damodred, half-brother of Elayne Trakand and Gawyn Trakand on his father's side and of Rand Al'Thor on his mother's side, and Eamon Valda, Lord Captain Commander of the Whitecloaks, which ends with Galad obtaining a Heron-mark sword and rank of the slain Lord Captain Commander.
 General Rodel Ituralde's campaign in Tarabon and Arad Doman against the Seanchan.
 the High Lady Suroth of the Seanchan is informed of the death of the Seanchan Empress, implicitly by the hand of the Forsaken Semirhage.
 Aes Sedai plots in the White Tower Perrin Aybara's meeting with Black Ajah Aes Sedai Galina Casban and his plan of attack on the Shaido Aiel the immediate aftermath of Egwene al'Vere's capture by Aes Sedai loyal to Elaida    Mat travels into Altara, and Moiraine Damodred is located in the custody of the Aelfinn and Eelfinn.
 Attempting to escape Altara, Mat meets his supporter and comedic foil Talmanes, who has brought a large number of Mat's personal army (the Band of the Red Hand), which contends against a Seanchan force sent to kill Tuon, using of fireworks as artillery.
 After a series of debates, Tuon, marries Mat, giving him the Seanchan title 'Prince of the Ravens'; ostensibly to assure a marriage of convenience.
 Thereafter Tuon returns to Ebou Dar to destroy the treacherous High Lady Suroth, and assume command proper of the Seanchan.
    Rand arranges a meeting with the Daughter of the Nine Moons to negotiate a truce; but a large-scale battle against a horde of 100,000 Trollocs and Myrdraal ends almost disastrously, when Lews Therin (Rand's alter-ego) seizes control of saidin.
 Thereafter Rand forges a truce with Lews Therin.
 The meeting with Tuon comes to a grisly end upon Rand and crew discovering Semirhage, disguised, in her place.
 In the ensuing battle, Semirhage is captured at the cost of Rand's own left hand, and reveals that the mental disorder that allows him to communicate with his past self, is almost universally fatal.
    Perrin disperses the Shaido threat and rescues his wife Faile using an alliance with Seanchan Banner-General Tylee Khirgan.
 To overcome the large number of Shaido Wise Ones, they lace the Shaido water supply with Forkroot herbs, which impedes channeling the One Power.
 Rand's adoptive father Tam arrives with reinforcements from the Two Rivers.
 In the course of the battle, Perrin's protege Aram dies while attempting to kill him.
 In the rescue of Faile, the Aiel Rolan is killed by Perrin, although he and other Aiel had helped Faile and her friends during captivity, unknown to Perrin.
 Sevanna is captured and the Shaido, defeated and disgraced, are led by Therava back to the Aiel Waste, with the Black Sister Galina Casban in tow.
   Egwene is captive in the White Tower, but holds contact with the rebel Aes Sedai through Tel'aran'rhiod.
 Despite harsh disciplining she spreads rumors and doubt in the White Tower about Elaida's suitability as Amyrlin.
 Both the rebels and the White Tower send Aes Sedai to the Black Tower to bond Asha'man (the rebels as an offer from Rand to counter the number of Aes Sedai bonded to Asha'man).
   Loial is married and speaks to the Ogier of his stedding, that they must assist the human armies.
 Thereafter Loial and his mentor Elder Haman wield axes during the Trolloc attack.
 Lan Mandragoran rides to Shienar to fight; but Nynaeve al'Meara takes him to the coast of the Aryth Ocean at World's End in Saldaea; thence goes herself to recruit Lan's scattered countrymen.
  Galad Damodred kills Eamon Valda for allegedly killing Queen Morgase of Andor, and becomes the leader of the Whitecloaks, as which he determines to fight alongside Rand's followers.
 Elayne Trakand becomes Queen of Andor.
 Mazrim Taim meets with a group of Red Ajah from the White Tower, and agrees to their proposition: since Sisters were taken and bonded against their will by certain Asha'man, an equivalent number of Black Tower initiates should be bonded by sisters.
   2005, U.
S.
, Tor Books ISBN 0-312-87307-7, Pub date 11 October 2005, hardback (First edition) 2005, UK, Orbit ISBN 1-84149-163-2, Pub date 11 October 2005, hardback 2005, UK, Orbit ISBN 1-84149-228-0, Pub date 5 October 2006, paperback    Events in the year 2013 in China.
   Party General Secretary   Xi Jinping President - Xi Jinping Premier - Li Keqiang Congress Chairman - Zhang Dejiang Conference Chairman - Yu Zhengsheng     January 3 - 2013 Southern Weekly incident   April 15 - 2013 Daulat Beg Oldi Incident April 20 - 2013 Lushan earthquake April 24 - April 2013 Bachu unrest   May 24 - Ding Jinhao engraving scandal   June 7 - Xiamen bus fire June 16-21 - 5th Straits Forum June 22 - 2013 Shanghai shooting June 26 - June 2013 Shanshan riots   Early July - 2013 Southwest China floods July 20 - 2013 Beijing Capital International Airport bombing   October 21 - 2013 Harbin smog starts to spread.
   January 28 - Xu Liangying, physicist June 2 - Chen Xitong, politician  HMS Zealous was a Z-class destroyer of the Royal Navy built in 1944 by Cammell Laird.
 She served during the Second World War, participating in operations in the North Sea and off the Norwegian coast, before taking part in some of the Arctic convoys.
 She spent a further ten years in Royal Navy service after the end of the war, before being sold to the Israeli Navy, which operated her as INS Eilat.
 She saw action during the Suez Crisis in 1956, attacking Egyptian ships and was still active by the outbreak of the Six-Day War in 1967.
 She was sunk several months after the conflict by missiles launched from several small Egyptian missile boats; this made her the first vessel to be sunk by a missile boat in wartime.
 It was an important milestone in naval surface warfare, which aroused considerable interest around the world in the development of small manoeuvrable missile boats.
   Zealous was one of four British destroyers of the Home Fleet that rescued 525 Norwegians, who had been hiding from German patrols in caves on the snow covered mountains of S r ya island, Norway for three months.
 The rescue involved the destroyers on a daring race 60 miles (97 km) behind enemy lines.
 The Norwegians were safely evacuated to the British port of Gourock.
 Zealous made two trips from the UK to Russia as part of the Arctic Convoys taking supplies around Norway to Kola.
 Under the guidance of Commander R.
F.
 Jessel RN DSO she ran the gauntlet of German U-Boats and aircraft.
 On 5 April 1945 she was involved in an attack on a convoy entering the J ssingfjord on the coast of Norway.
 One merchant ship was sunk and two were damaged.
 When the Germans were on the brink of capitulation, the ship was ordered to Copenhagen.
 There she was mistaken by excited German soldiers as a German destroyer sent to evacuate them.
    From October 1945 until August 1946 Zealous served in the 4th Destroyer Flotilla as part of the Home Fleet.
 From 1947 until 1950 she was held in reserve at Devonport.
 Between 1950 and 1951 she underwent a refit at Cardiff.
 Between 1953 and 1954 she was held in reserve at Penarth.
 She was sold to Israel in 1955 and commissioned into the Israeli Navy as INS Eilat (after the Israeli southern coastal city of Eilat, replacing the earlier INS Eilat) in July 1956.
 On the morning of 31 October, in the midst of the Suez Crisis, Egyptian destroyer Ibrahim al-Awal, former Hunt-class HMS Mendip, shelled Haifa harbor.
 A counter-attack by the French destroyer Kersaint and Israeli Yaffo and Eilat forced the Egyptian destroyer to steam back towards Port Said.
 It was then also attacked by a pair of IDF/AF Ouragans and a Dakota.
 The crew of the badly damaged vessel finally capitulated, and the ship was towed by the Israelis to Haifa, later becoming the Haifa in the Israeli Navy.
 Eilat was on patrol during the night of 11 12 July 1967, when she and two Israeli torpedo boats came across two Egyptian torpedo boats off the Rumani coast.
 They immediately engaged the vessels and sank both.
 Eilat was sunk on 21 October 1967 in international waters off Port Said in the Sinai by two Styx missiles launched by Egyptian missile boats.
 An Egyptian Komar-class missile boat positioned within the harbour at Port Said fired two missiles at the Israeli destroyer.
 Eilat ' s radar did not reveal any suspicious activity or movements because the missile boat was still inside the port when the missiles were fired.
 Despite evasive action being ordered by the captain when the missiles were detected, the first missile hit the ship just above the waterline at 17:32 hours.
 Two minutes later, the second missile struck causing additional casualties.
 While Eilat began to list heavily, the crew tended to the wounded and engaged in rescue and repair operations while waiting for additional ships of the Israeli Navy to come to her rescue.
 But around an hour later, another Egyptian Komar class missile boat from Port Said harbour fired two more Styx missiles at Eilat.
 The third missile hit Eilat amidships, causing more damage and further fires, while the fourth went astray and crashed in the water nearby.
 Eilat sank about two minutes later.
 Out of a crew of 199, 47 were killed and more than a hundred were wounded.
   The sinking just months after its defeat in the Six Day War caused brief jubilation in the Arab World and crowds gathered to cheer the two missile boats upon their return to Port Said.
 In Israel, angry crowds surrounded Chief of Staff Yitzhak Rabin and newspaper editorials demanded vengeance.
 Sixty-seven hours after the attack Israel retaliated by shelling Port Suez with heavy mortars.
 Two of the site's three oil refineries were destroyed with the smallest one left standing.
 The refineries produced all of Egypt's cooking and heating gas, and 80% of its oil.
 Other areas of the city were hit.
 Israel ignored or pleaded "technical difficulties" to UN requests for a ceasefire.
 The Soviet Union sent seven warships on a "courtesy call" to Egyptian ports to dissuade Israel from further attacks.
  The sinking of Eilat by surface-to-surface missiles inaugurated a new era in the development of naval weapons and the formulation of naval strategy throughout the world.
 Though not highly publicized at the time, the sinking had a considerable impact on the Israeli Navy.
 Israel started to develop plans for German influenced ship designs better suited to missile combat, principally small and efficient boats armed with missiles, able to patrol Israeli shores and undertake offshore operations at high speed, while at the same time able to evade enemy tracking and missiles.
 The resulting focus on new, more agile, missile-armed boats would reap major benefits for the Israeli navy some six years later during the Yom Kippur War.
 A set of torpedo tube removed from the Eilat before her sinking are preserved at the Clandestine Immigration and Naval Museum, Haifa.
     Colledge, J.
 J.
; Warlow, Ben (2006) [1969].
 Ships of the Royal Navy: The Complete Record of all Fighting Ships of the Royal Navy (Rev.
 ed.
).
 London: Chatham Publishing.
 ISBN 978-1-86176-281-8.
 OCLC 67375475.
  Marriott, Leo, Royal Navy Destroyers Since 1945.
 Ian Allen Ltd, 1989.
 ISBN 0-7110-1817-0 Raven, Alan; Roberts, John (1978).
 War Built Destroyers O to Z Classes.
 London: Bivouac Books.
 ISBN 0-85680-010-4.
  Whitley, M.
 J.
 (1988).
 Destroyers of World War 2.
 Annapolis, Maryland: Naval Institute Press.
 ISBN 0-87021-326-1.
   Greimerath is an Ortsgemeinde   a municipality belonging to a Verbandsgemeinde, a kind of collective municipality   in the Bernkastel-Wittlich district in Rhineland-Palatinate, Germany.
     The municipality lies in the Eifel.
 The municipal area is 52% wooded.
 To the east runs the Autobahn A 1.
 Greimerath belongs to the Verbandsgemeinde Wittlich-Land.
   In 1144, Greimerath had its first documentary mention.
 Beginning in 1794, Greimerath lay under French rule.
 In 1814 it was assigned to the Kingdom of Prussia at the Congress of Vienna.
 Since 1947, it has been part of the then newly founded state of Rhineland-Palatinate.
     The council is made up of 6 council members, who were elected by majority vote at the municipal election held on 7 June 2009, and the honorary mayor as chairman.
   The municipality s arms might be described thus: Per fess sable a demi-dragon argent armed and langued gules, and argent two adzes in saltire azure.
   The church comes from the year 1760.
 Beside the Baroque church stands the rectory with its accompanying garden.
 In 2005, the rectory (without the garden) was sold into private ownership.
 The parish priest for the parishes of Greimerath, Laufeld and Nieder fflingen lives at the rectory in Laufeld.
 The parish garden was converted by the specially founded Cultural Club into a meeting, recreational and cultural place.
 A signpost on the nearby cycle path lures many cyclists and hikers into this garden with its native herbs and plants.
 A fountain, an outdoor chess set and many places to sit offer all visitors a chance to recover from everyday stresses.
   Gemeinde Greimerath (Hg.
): 850 Jahre Greimerath - Ein kleines Eifeldorf feiert seine Geschichte.
 Greimerath/Eifel 1994    "Statistisches Landesamt Rheinland-Pfalz".
 Retrieved 2007-09-02.
   The Sierra Leone Police (SLP) is the national police force of the Republic of Sierra Leone, that is primarily responsible for law enforcement and crime investigation throughout Sierra Leone.
 The paramilitary unit of the Sierra Leone Police is known as the Operational Support Division (OSD).
 Sierra Leone Police was established by the British colony back in 1894 and is one of the oldest police forces in West Africa.
   The key mission of the Sierra Leone Police include to prevent crime, to protect life and property, to detect and prosecute offenders, to maintain public order, to ensure safety and security, to enhance access to justice and to ensure police primacy for internal security and safety.
   The Sierra Leone Police (SLP) was established following the founding of the Colony of Freetown in 1808 as a settlement for freed slaves.
 Police authority then was only restricted to the Colony of Freetown.
 By 1889 colonial authority had been extended to the provinces.
 Police authority was also extended to these areas and performed largely paramilitary duties as opposed to the civil police back in the colony.
 The force at this point became known as the West African Frontier Force.
 A Royal Gazette of October 1894 established the Sierra Leone Police Force.
 Following independence in April 1961, the Sierra Leone Parliament passed the Police Act of 1964 to consolidate and amend the law relating to the organisation, discipline, powers and duties of the Sierra Leone Police (SLP).
 Efforts were made during the initial post-conflict police reform process to increase the number of women in the police.
 However, during visits, it was found that newly recruited women police officers were sometimes expected to do little more than cook lunch for their male colleagues.
   The Sierra Leone Police (SLP) is headed by The Inspector General of Police, The professional head of the Sierra Leone Police forces who is appointed by the president of Sierra Leone.
 The Inspector General of Police is assisted by the Deputy Inspector General of Police.
 The current Inspector General of the Sierra Leone Police is Francis Alieu Munu.
 The Deputy Inspector General of Police is Richard Moigbel.
 At the national command level, are six Assistant Inspector Generals of Police (AIG) with responsibility for Personnel, Training and Welfare; Operations; Crime Services; Support Services; Professional Standards; and the Operational Support Division (OSD), (the armed wing of the SLP).
 Regional commanders known as Regpols who are also AIGs carry regional responsibilities for the Western, Northern, Southern and Eastern regions.
 All of these AIGs assist the IGP and the DIG in the running of the day-to-day affairs of the SLP.
 This is done through a joined up leadership approach practicalised into an Executive Management and Change Board, the highest policy making body in the organisation which meets once every week under the chairmanship of the IGP.
 Each one of Sierra Leone's 12 administrative districts is headed by a local unit commander.
 The city of Freetown and its Western Area is under the Freetown Metropolitan Police, a branch of the Sierra Leone Police.
   The Sierra Leone Police is divided into the following units: Criminal Investigation Department (CID) is primarily responsible for investigating major crimes Operational Support Division (OSD) the paramilitary unit trained to perform high-risk duties including to control riots, and violence protest.
 Traffic police Unit primarily responsible for enforcing traffic safety and control the movement of traffic in all major highways across Sierra Leone.
 Media and Public Relation Unit responsible for the collection and release of police activities to the public and media.
 Legal and Justice Department responsible of prosecuting civil and criminal cases to court.
 Human Resource Department deals with the welfare, salaries, employments, promotions, benefits and transfers of police officers.
 Community Relations Department (CRD) established to build a working relationship between the police and the public.
 Complaint Discipline Internal Investigation Department (CDID) They receive confidential complaints from public on police activities, and police misconduct.
 Precious Mineral Department responsible of investigating all act related to the country's mineral resourves.
 They work closely with the Sierra Leone ministry of mines and natural resources.
 Interpol Department investigate criminal affairs link to other countries.
 Family Support Unit (FSU) handles domestic and family issues.
     ^ Anderlini and Conway, 'Security Sector Reform,' in 'Inclusive Security, Sustainable Peace: A Toolkit for Advocacy and Action,' Hunt Alternative Fund and International Alert, 2004, p.
35, in Hendricks and Valsek chapter, Security Sector Transformation in Africa, DCAF, 2007, 74 http://police.
gov.
sl/content.
php?
p=12&pn=Team   http://news.
sl/drwebsite/publish/article_200517877.
shtml http://www.
awoko.
org/2011/07/27/civil-society-celebrates-international-day-of-justice/ http://www.
awoko.
org/2011/05/17/kamboi-eagles-defeat-ports-authority-2-1/ http://www.
sierraexpressmedia.
com/archives/9771 http://www.
freetowndailynews.
com/north%20-%20Copy%20-7%20-%20Copy.
html http://news.
sl/drwebsite/publish/printer_200518654.
shtml http://www.
thetorchlight.
com/index.
php?
option=com_content&view=article&id=986:kambia-police-to-*curb-illegal-crossing-points&catid=1:latest-news&Itemid=27 http://www.
sierraexpressmedia.
com/archives/3258 http://news.
sl/drwebsite/publish/article_200518521.
shtml http://www.
awoko.
org/2010/05/10/police-deployed-to-s-l-liberia-border-to-avert-security-threat/ http://ip-184-168-28-105.
ip.
secureserver.
net/front-page/item/678-big-shakeup-in-the-police-hierarchy http://news.
sl/drwebsite/exec/view.
cgi?
archive=5&num=9121&printer=1  Table No.
 21 is a 2013 Hindi Psychological Drama mystery thriller film directed by Aditya Datt and produced by Eros International.
 It is named for Article 21 of the Indian Constitution, which particularises the Protection of Life and Personal Liberty.
 The movie features Paresh Rawal, Rajeev Khandelwal and Tena Desae, and touches upon the pertinent social issue of ragging.
 The film's soundtrack was composed by Gajendra Verma, with lyrics penned by Aseem Ahmed Abbasee.
 The film was a moderate success at the box office.
   Vivaan (Rajeev Khandelwal) and Siya Agasthi (Tena Desae) strive to make ends meet.
 The couple wins a trip to the beautiful island nation of Fiji in a lucky draw; the holiday is fully sponsored, with luxurious hotel accommodation and fine dinners.
 The duo fly to Fiji to celebrate their wedding anniversary and encounter the charming Mr.
 Khan (Paresh Rawal) at the resort.
 Mr Khan invites the couple to participate in a live game show called Table 21.
 He tells them that the winner of the game bags a staggering amount of  210 million as prize money.
 He outlines the rules: eight personal questions are asked, which must be answered truthfully, and following this, one must complete a task related to the question.
 The couple decides to enter the game show.
 At first, the questions seem easy, but as the game progresses, the tasks become increasingly horrific.
 The gruesome nature of the tasks makes Vivaan think back to his time at college.
 Vivaan's final assignment is to murder an individual.
 He is led to a room, wherein he is to face his target.
 When he sees the person he must kill, he recognises him from his past.
 A flashback shows Vivaan and his friends ragging a boy, the target, named Akram (Dhruv Ganesh).
 The severe bullying made Akram mentally challenged.
 Back in the present, it is revealed that Akram is Mr.
 Khan's son, and that Mr.
 Khan's intention was to show Vivaan and Siya the damage inflicted on him by their actions.
 Mr.
 Khan tells them that they are free to go but their sins will follow them everywhere.
 The movie ends as Vivaan and Siya are still shocked - crying and regretting their choices.
 The end credits show upsetting cases of ragging.
   Paresh Rawal.
.
.
Abdul Razaq Khan Rajeev Khandelwal.
.
.
Vivaan Agasthi Tena Desae.
.
.
Siya Agasthi Dhruv Ganesh.
.
.
Akram Asheesh Kapur as Bittu Sana Sheikh .
.
.
Neeti Hanif Hilal.
.
.
Ghouse (Khan's Bodyguard)   The promotional poster was released online on 8 November 2012, and the official theatrical trailer was unveiled a few days later on 23 November.
   The film released on 4 January 2013, and received an extremely good response at the Box Office.
   Critics have praised the story but have criticised the way the issue of ragging is kept under wraps.
 Indiaglitz.
com says that "Table No.
 21 keeps you engaged right from start to the finish.
 If the beginning portions are frothy, middle portions turn thrilling, post interval is dramatic and ultimately the narrative turns dark before reaching a shocking end.
" Ankur Pathak of Rediff.
com says that "Table No 21 should be watched for the reactive social commentary that it is, and should not be misconceived as a vigilante film.
" Rated it 3 out of 5 stars.
 Madhureeta Mukherjee of The Times of India rated the film 3 out of 5 stars.
 Rajeev Masand of IBNLive.
com says that "Table No 21 squanders its potential.
 The film's ending is bold, but little else is consistent or gripping" Mansha Rastogi of Nowrunning.
com says that "Table No.
 21, although may not be a completely out of the box, never before concept but it's the execution of the story and the acting that makes this film a one time watch.
" Prasanth of Movieorange.
com says that "Table No 21 is an excellent thriller, with a good message.
" Rated it 8 out of 10.
 Salis Afaque of Salis Magazine rated it with 2 stars out of 5.
   Upon release, Table No.
 21 saw a slow start at the Box Office in its first week.
 It collected  157.
5 million net over the weekend, while the four-day collection was approximately  67.
5 million net.
 The movie earned  101.
0 million in the first week of its release, and after a two-week-long run, 2013 s first release stood at a total of  121.
0 million at the Indian Box Office.
    List of Korean films may refer to: List of Korean films (Pre 1948), a chronology of the films of United Korea before the country division Lists of South Korean films, a chronology of the films produced in the country of South Korea (post September 1948) List of North Korean films, a chronology of the films produced in the country of North Korean (post September 1948) List of highest-grossing films in South Korea, by ticket sales   List of Korean language films, an A-Z list of film produced in the Korean languageUpper Styria (German: Obersteiermark), in the Austrian usage of the term, refers exclusively to the northwestern, generally mountainous and well wooded half of the federal state of Styria.
 The southwestern half of the state around the capital of Graz is known as Central Styria (Mittelsteiermark), which is further divided into Eastern and Western Styria (east and west of Graz).
   Upper Styria is separated from Central Styria by the Stubalpe and Gleinalpe ranges of the Lavanttal Alps, and the Prealps East of the Mur.
 It is a generally rural region characterized by agriculture and tourism, except for the area between the towns of Judenburg and M rzzuschlag, in the valley formed by the rivers Mur and M rz, with extensive industrial sites.
 The area around Altaussee in the far northwest ist part of the Austrian Salzkammergut cultural landscape.
 The Obersteiermark region consists of five districts: Murau Liezen Murtal (former Judenburg and Knittelfeld) Leoben Bruck M rzzuschlag.
    In Slovenian usage, the term Upper Styria (Zgornja  tajerska) refers to the whole Austrian state of Styria as opposed to the traditional region called Lower Styria (Sp dnja  t jerska), Slovenian Styria (Slovenska  t jerska) or just Styria ( t jerska), the southern third of the former Duchy of Styria which after World War I was allotted to the Kingdom of Yugoslavia according to the 1919 Treaty of Saint Germain and is today part of Slovenia.
   History of StyriaKosmos 706 (Russian:   706 meaning Cosmos 706) was a Soviet US-K missile early warning satellite which was launched in 1975 as part of the Soviet military's Oko programme.
 The satellite was designed to identify missile launches using optical telescopes and infrared sensors.
   Kosmos 706 was launched from Site 41/1 at Plesetsk Cosmodrome in the Russian SSR.
 A Molniya-M carrier rocket with a 2BL upper stage was used to perform the launch, which took place at 15:02 UTC on 30 January 1975.
 The launch successfully placed the satellite into a molniya orbit.
 It subsequently received its Kosmos designation, and the international designator 1975-007A.
 The United States Space Command assigned it the Satellite Catalog Number 7625.
    1975 in spaceflight List of Kosmos satellites (501 750) List of Oko satellites List of R-7 launches (1975-1979)   ^ a b Podvig, Pavel (2002).
 "History and the Current Status of the Russian Early-Warning System" (pdf).
 Science and Global Security 10: 21 60.
 doi:10.
1080/08929880212328.
 ISSN 0892-9882.
  ^ a b c d e "US-K (73D6)".
 Gunter's Space Page.
 2012-03-08.
 Retrieved 2012-04-21.
  ^ a b c McDowell, Jonathan.
 "Launch Log".
 Jonathan's Space Page.
 Retrieved 2 May 2012.
  ^ a b c d e f McDowell, Jonathan.
 "Satellite Catalog".
 Jonathan's Space Page.
 Retrieved 30 April 2012.
Okhna (Kyrgyz:  ) is a village in the Kadamjay District, in the Batken Province of Kyrgyzstan.
 It has 7 main zones, Garaj, Kuldu, Boston, Zar, Joo-Kesek, Naiman and Uchkun.
 The 2005 population was approximately 16,523.
 Nearby towns and villages include Kisyk (3 miles) and Kadamjay (5 miles).
    Lawrence Lee Brooks, Sr.
 (born June 10, 1950), is a former American Football defensive tackle for the Los Angeles Rams eleven seasons from 1972 to 1982 in the National Football League.
 Brooks was drafted in the 14th round of the 1972 NFL Draft after playing college football at Virginia State University.
 He was inducted into the Virginia Sports Hall of Fame in 2000.
   Virginia Sport Hall of Fame 2000 inductee, Larry Brooks, a native of Prince George and a Prince George High School standout, made a name for himself at every level of athletics.
 In high school, he was selected as an All-Central District choice as a defensive end.
   Brooks furthered his education and attended Virginia State University, where he was named to the Associated Press Little All-American team as a defensive tackle in 1971.
 He also was named Virginia Small College Lineman of the Year and received All-conference honors.
   Brooks became a starter at right defensive tackle in the 8th game of the season during his rookie year of 1972.
 He collected 9 quarterback sacks in 1973 and the Rams defense was tops in the NFL against the run (allowed 1270 rushing yards) and led the NFL in total defense (allowing just 2970 yards).
 Larry led Ram defensive linemen in tackles for the first time with 76.
 The 1973 Los Angeles Rams did not allow 300 yards in all 14 games in a 14-game season.
 in 2008 the Steelers' defense has held opponents to under 300 yards in all 14 games this season, tied for the longest streak to start a season since 1970.
 However, the Steelers did not break the Rams' record.
 In 1974 Brooks tackled opposing passers 11 times as the Rams were first in the NFC with 44 sacks and again led the NFL in allowing the fewest rushing yards with 1302 while allowing the fewest points, 181.
 That season Brooks was All-NFC as selected by Pro Football Weekly, and Second-team All-Pro by NEA.
 For the second season in a row, Brooks led all Ram defensive linemen in tackles with 73, not including his 11 sacks, which trailed only Jack Youngblood and Fred Dryer, the team leaders.
 He recorded 5 sacks in 1975 before a knee injury shelved him for the second half of the season.
 The Rams clearly missed him during the NFC Championship loss to Dallas as they were suckered countless times by the Cowboys shotgun in a 37-7 loss.
 The Rams defense was 2nd in the NFL in rushing defense missing out on leading the NFL for the third consecutive year by a single yard.
 The Minnesota Vikings allowed 1532 rushing yards, while the Rams allowed 1533, allowing the Vikings to capture that title.
 Nonetheless, the Rams allowed the fewest points in the NFL for the second straight season with 135 (missing the NFL record by 3 points).
 Brooks rebounded in 1976 was named to the Pro Bowl and was voted Second-team All-NFC by UPI.
 His 74 tackles again led Ram defensive linemen, with 13 of those going for a loss, to go along with his 14  sacks which tied him for the team lead with Jack Youngblood.
 The Rams led the NFC in rushing defense for the third time in the past four years.
 They were second only the Pittsburgh Steelers in the NFL in that category.
 In 1977 was named First-team All-Pro by the Pro Football Writers Association(PFWA) and The Sporting News and First-team All-NFC teams among several others.
 Rams allowed 146 points, 2nd best in the NFL.
 Brooks' 6  sacks were 3rd on the team behind Jack Youngblood and Fred Dryer.
 His 71 tackles (55 solo) led all Rams defensive linemen (again) and returned to the Pro Bowl (again).
 Was voted the Rams Outstanding Defensive Lineman by the Los Angeles Rams Alumni.
 In 1978 Brooks was named Second-team All-Pro by Associated Press (AP) and NEA and First-team All-NFC by the UPI and Pro Football Weekly despite missing the last 2 games of the season plus the NFC Championship game with a knee injury.
 Led Rams in sacks with 8 as Rams were second in the NFC in sacks and led the NFL in total defense for the second time in the last six years.
 Brooks again led Rams defensive linemen in tackles with 80 (60 of them solo).
 Was voted to his third Pro Bowl, but missed the game as teammate Cody Jones (who was the first alternate) replaced him.
 In 1979 he led the Rams defensive line in tackles with 99 (9 behind the line of scrimmage) and had 6 sacks and knocked down 4 passes as Rams defense led the NFC in sacks with 52.
 Was named First-team All-Pro by the AP.
 Ended season by playing in Super Bowl XIV with a torn up ankle as Rams lost to the world champion Pittsburgh Steelers.
 He also received another post season honor, that of Second-team All-NFC by UPI.
 In 1980 Brooks led the defensive line in tackles with 54.
 His tackle number was lower than previous years as Rams began a rotation system at tackle with Brooks, Cody Jones (33 tackles-4 sacks), and Mike Fanning (37 tackles-10 sacks), who were all healthy for the first time since 1978.
 The 1980 season was the first since 1969 that three Ram defensive tackles amassed more than 30 tackles each.
 In addition to having 8  sacks (as the Rams defense led the NFC with 56 sacks) Brooks was named to his 5th straight Pro Bowl was wasn Second-team All-NFC by UPI.
 That marked the sixth season out of the last seven that Brooks attained post-season honors, in being either All-Pro, All-NFC, or a Pro Bowl selection.
 It also marked the seventh season in the last eight that Brooks led the Rams defensive linemen in tackles.
 The 1981 season was marred by injury as Brooks injured a knee at mid-season.
 The knee seemingly never fully recovered and Brooks played only 2 games at the end of the 1982 season.
   Brooks retired after the 1982 season and from 1983-1990 was assistant defensive line coach for the Rams.
 He spent eight years with the team, where he was paired with defensive coordinator Fritz Shurmur.
 He served as the defensive line coach for the Green Bay Packers from 1994 1998, the Seattle Seahawks from 1999-2002 both under Mike Holmgren, Then to the Chicago Bears in 2003, and was the Detroit Lions defensive line coach from 2004-05.
 He spent the 2006 season as the defensive line coach for the Arizona Cardinals marking his 21st season as an NFL assistant coach and 33rd season in the NFL as either a player or coach.
 In 1991 after his 20 years with the Rams (12 as a player, 8 as coach), Brooks returned to his alma mater, where he served as Virginia States  Assistant Athletic Director and assistant football coach.
 He was ultimately named Athletic Director in 1993 before his return to the NFL in 1994.
 In 1998, he led the Packers to become the NFL s fourth-ranked defensive unit that held its opponents to 281.
7 yards a game, and a rushing defense that allowed just 90.
1 rushing yards a game.
 He worked with former all-time sack leader Reggie White (198) and accepted the opportunity to groom one of the NFL s top sack masters, Michael Sinclair.
 His line played a major role in Green Bay s Super Bowl XXXI victory when the defense allowed a league low 259.
8 yards per game and a meager 3.
5-yard per rush average.
 Larry Brooks, defensive line; born June 10, 1950, Prince George, Va.
 Defensive lineman Virginia State 1968-1971.
 Pro defensive tackle Los Angeles Rams 1972-1982.
 College coach: Virginia State 1992-93.
 Pro coach: Los Angeles Rams 1983-1990, Green Bay Packers 1994-98, Seattle Seahawks 1999-2002, Chicago Bears 2003, Detroit Lions 2004-05, joined Arizona Cardinals in 2006.
 As of 2008, Brooks currently serves as the defensive line coach at his alma mater Virginia State University.
   Larry Brooks was featured with current NFLPA executive director Gene Upshaw on a DEA poster.
 Apparently the poster sent an anti-drug message to teenagers who were also fans of the NFL.
 He made a cameo appearance as a substitute teacher in the ABC sitcom "Welcome Back Kotter".
  The Auckland rugby league team is the team which traditionally represents all of the clubs which play in the Auckland Rugby League competition.
 As well as a senior men's team there are also Auckland representative teams throughout the various age groups such as under 15s, under 17s, under 19s and under 21s.
 Under the new zone scheme introduced in 2010 the Auckland team represents North, East and West Auckland while South Auckland is represented by the Counties Manukau rugby league team.
 The zone team is named the Akarana Falcons.
   Auckland played its first game on 24 August 1908 when they took on Wellington at Victoria Park, Auckland in the first provincial game of rugby league in New Zealand.
 The 1920 Great Britain Lions tourists were defeated by Auckland before going on to win all three of their Test matches against New Zealand.
 In 1975 when the French national team was in New Zealand for the World Series, they played a match against Auckland on 13 June and lost 3-9 at Carlaw Park in front of 10,000.
 Auckland also participated in the Amco Cup in the 1974-1980 and 1984-1985 seasons.
 They came within one match of the 1975 Amco Cup final, but lost to eventual champions, Eastern Suburbs Roosters.
 On the New Zealand leg of the 1988 Great Britain Lions tour of Australasia, Auckland defeated the tourists 30-14.
 Auckland also beat the touring Australian side in 1989 by 26 points to 24 at Carlaw Park.
 Auckland also hosted the 1992 touring Great Britain Lions.
 Auckland had played against several touring teams over the years, though once the Auckland Warriors started playing in the 1995 ARL Premiership it diluted the standard of the representative side, and they have not played against full international sides in recent years.
 Auckland beat Australia, England and France in the space of 21 days in 1977.
 A feat which the Warriors commemorated by wearing replica strips in their clash with Australian club Manly-Warringah Sea Eagles in round 24 of the 2007 NRL season on the 26th of August, 2007.
 The Warriors won 36-14 in front of a packed Mount Smart Stadium.
    The Akarana Falcons participate in the Albert Baskerville Trophy.
 This team represents the Hibiscus Coast Raiders, Richmond Bulldogs, Mt Wellington Warriors, Ponsonby Ponies, Glenora Bears, Ellerslie Eagles, Mt Albert Lions, Te Atatu Roosters, Bay Roskill Vikings, Northcote Tigers, Marist Saints, East Coast Bays Barracudas, Pt Chevalier Pirates, Waitemata Seagulls, Glenfield Greyhounds, New Lynn Stags and the Waiheke Rams.
    Auckland representative sides traditionally wear a blue jersey with a white double 'V', in the same style of the New Zealand Kiwis jersey but with blue instead of black, this is still the jersey worn by the Auckland Vulcans NSW Cup team.
     1974 Amco Cup - 1 loss (Round 2) 1975 Amco Cup - 1 win, 1 draw, 1 loss (Semi Finals) 1976 Amco Cup - 1 win, 1 loss (Round 2) 1977 Amco Cup - 1 loss (Round 1) 1978 Amco Cup - 1 win, 1 loss (Quarter Finals) 1979 Amco Cup - 3 losses (Group Stage) 1980 Tooth Cup - 1 loss (Round 1) 1984 National Panasonic Cup - 1 loss (Preliminary Round) 1985 National Panasonic Cup - 1 loss (Round 1) 2007 NSWRL Premier League (Auckland Lions) 2008 New South Wales Cup (Auckland Vulcans) 2009 New South Wales Cup (Auckland Vulcans) 2010 New South Wales Cup (Auckland Vulcans) 2011 New South Wales Cup (Auckland Vulcans)   1919 Auckland 8 Australia 32 (Auckland Domain) 1920 Auckland 24 Great Britain 16 1935 Auckland 8, Australia 16 (Carlaw Park) 1935 Auckland 7, Great Britain 9 (Carlaw Park) 1946 Auckland 18, Australia 36 (Carlaw Park) 1949 Auckland 18, Australia 36 (Carlaw Park) 1953 Auckland 4 Australia 26 (Carlaw Park) 1954 Auckland 5 Great Britain 4 1955 Auckland 17 France 15 1960 Auckland 14 France 5 1961 Auckland 13 Australia 8 (Carlaw Park) 1962 Auckland 46 Great Britain 13 1965 Auckland 2 Australia 18 (Carlaw Park) 1969 Auckland 15 Australia 14 (Carlaw Park) 1971 Auckland 15 Australia 14 (Carlaw Park) 1974 Auckland 11 Great Britain 2 1975 Auckland 6 Australia 17 (Carlaw Park) Auckland 9 France 3 (Carlaw Park) 1977 Auckland 19 Australia 15 (Carlaw Park) Auckland 17 France 0 Auckland 14 Great Britain 10 1980 Auckland 7 Australia 21 (Carlaw Park) 1981 Auckland 20 France 10 1985 Auckland 10 Australia 50 (Carlaw Park) 1988 Auckland 30 Great Britain 14 1989 Auckland 26 Australia 24 (Carlaw Park) 1990 Auckland 24 Great Britain 13   1949, Auckland Colts 16 Australia 30 (Carlaw Park) 1984, Auckland 16 Great Brittian 14 (Carlaw Park)  The Information Technology Act 2000 (also known as ITA-2000, or the IT Act) is an Act of the Indian Parliament (No 21 of 2000) notified on October 17, 2000.
 This act is being opposed by Save Your Voice campaign and other civil society organizations in India.
 User-review and consumer social networking site MouthShut.
com has filed a writ petition in the Supreme Court of India to repeal and nullify parts of IT Act 2000.
   The United Nations General Assembly by resolution A/RES/51/162, dated the 30 January 1997 has adopted the Model Law on Electronic Commerce adopted by the United Nations Commission on International Trade Law.
 This is referred to as the UNCITRAL Model Law on E-Commerce.
 Following the UN Resolution India passed the Information Technology Act 2000 in May 2000,which came into force on October 17, 2000.
 The Information Technology Act 2000 has been substantially amended through the Information Technology (Amendment) Act 2008 which was passed by the two houses of the Indian Parliament on December 23, and 24, 2008.
 It got the Presidential assent on February 5, 2009 and came into force on October 27, 2009.
 The amended Act has provided additional focus on information security.
 It has added several new sections on offences including cyber terrorism and data protection.
 A set of Rules related to sensitive personal information and reasonable security practices (mentioned in section 43A of the ITAA, 2008) was notified in April 2011    Information technology Act 2000 consisted of 94 sections segregated into 13 chapters.
 Four schedules form part of the Act.
 In the 2008 version of the Act, there are 124 sections (excluding 5 sections that have been omitted from the earlier version) and 14 chapters.
 Schedule I and II have been replaced.
 Schedules III and IV are deleted.
 Information Technology Act 2000 addressed the following issues: Legal recognition of electronic documents Legal Recognition of digital signatures Offenses and contraventions Justice dispensation systems for cybercrimes According to Section 10A of information technology Act,2000(amended in 2008)it also validates E-contracts.
     The 2008 Amendment Act was passed in an eventful Parliamentary session on 23 December 2008 with no discussion in the House.
 Some of the cyber law observers have criticized the amendments on the ground of lack of legal and procedural safeguards to prevent violation of civil liberties of Indians.
 There have also been appreciation about the amendments from many observers because it addresses the issue of Cyber Security.
 Section 69 empowers the Central Government/State Government/ its authorized agency to intercept, monitor or decrypt any information generated, transmitted, received or stored in any computer resource if it is necessary or expedient so to do in the interest of the sovereignty or integrity of India, defence of India, security of the State, friendly relations with foreign States or public order or for preventing incitement to the commission of any cognizable offence or for investigation of any offence.
 They can also secure assistance from computer personnel in decrypting data (see mandatory decryption), under penalty of imprisonment.
 Section 66A is widely criticized.
 It has led to numerous abuses reported by the press.
 Section 66A has also been criticised and challenged in Lucknow and Madras High Courts for its constitutional validity.
 Based on Section 66A, Bombay High Court has held that creating a website and storing false information on it can entail cyber crime.
 Multinational companies with offices in India have raised concerns about their ability to outsource data processing to India because of requirements in the act to report when medical information is moved into or out of India.
   Cyber law Digital Society Day Information Technology Law    S25 is a line on the Berlin S-Bahn.
 It operates from Teltow Stadt to Hennigsdorf over: the Anhalt Suburban Line, opened on 1 December 1901 (as Anhalt Railway since 1840), electrified in 1903 and extended to Lichterfelde S d in 1943 and Teltow Stadt in February 2005, the Nord-S d-Tunnel, opened on 28 May 1936 from Humboldthain to Unter den Linden and on 6 November 1939 to Anhalter Bahnhof and Priesterweg a short section of the Berlin-Szczecin railway, opened on 1 August 1842 and electrified in 1924, a short section of the Prussian Northern Railway, opened on 10 July 1877 and electrified in 1925 and the Kremmen Railway, opened on 1 October 1893 and electrified in 1927.
  Saad Al Sheebi (born May 5 or 12, 1990) is a Qatari footballer who is a goalkeeper for Al Sadd.
 He is a member of the Qatar national under-20 football team.
 He was signed from the Aspire Academy.
  Watch Mr.
 Wizard is an American television program (1951 1965) for children that demonstrated the science behind ordinary things.
 The show's creator and on-air host was Don Herbert.
 Marcel LaFollette said of the program, "It enjoyed consistent praise, awards, and high ratings throughout its history.
 At its peak, Watch Mr.
 Wizard drew audiences in the millions, but its impact was far wider.
 By 1956, it had prompted the establishment of more than five thousand Mr.
 Wizard science clubs, with an estimated membership greater than one hundred thousand.
" It was briefly revived in 1971, and then in the 1980s was a program on the Nickelodeon children's television network as Mr.
 Wizard's World.
    Watch Mr.
 Wizard first aired on NBC on March 3, 1951 with Don Herbert as the title character.
 In the weekly half hour live television show Herbert played a science hobbyist, and every Saturday morning a neighbor boy or girl would come to visit.
 The children were played by child actors; one of them (Rita McLaughlin) enjoyed a long subsequent acting career.
 Mr.
 Wizard always had some kind of laboratory experiment going that taught something about science.
 The experiments, many of which seemed impossible at first glance, were usually simple enough to be re-created by viewers.
 The show was very successful; by 1954 it was broadcast live by 14 stations, and by kinescope (a film made from the television monitor of the original live broadcast) by an additional 77.
 Mr.
 Wizard Science Clubs were started throughout North America, numbering 5,000 by 1955 and 50,000 by 1965.
 The show moved from Chicago to New York on September 5, 1955, and had produced 547 live broadcasts by the time the show was canceled in 1965.
 The show was cited by the National Science Foundation and American Chemical Society for increasing interest in science, and won a 1953 Peabody Award.
 32 episodes of Watch Mr.
 Wizard were selected by Don Herbert and released on eight DVDs.
 They can be found at [1]   It was revived by NBC from September 11, 1971 through September 2, 1972 as Mr.
 Wizard, based on 26 shows produced in color in Ottawa, Canada at the CJOH-TV studios.
 The series was legally considered Canadian content, despite the American origins of the series and its host.
 CBC Television carried these episodes within Canada.
   Mr.
 Wizard's World, a faster-paced version of the show developed by Don Herbert, was shown three times a week on Nickelodeon, the then rising kids cable channel.
 Once again, the revival was produced in Canada (this time in Calgary).
 It produced 78 episodes from 1983 onwards, and continued to run thereafter as reruns.
 During its airing on Nickelodeon, it was the channel's #3 rated show in 1983 (behind Livewire and You Can't Do That on Television).
 It was also famous for its Ask Mr.
 Wizard segment where Mr.
 Wizard answered questions sent in by viewers of all ages.
 Episodes of it were reaired in 2005-2006 on the digital cable channel The Science Channel.
 It still frequently airs on The Science Channel, and is considered a candidate for Nickelodeon's "Nick Rewind" DVD/VHS release.
 Herbert once said: "My time on this Earth is getting shorter and shorter each day, but no matter how old I get, and even when I am dead, Mr.
 Wizard's World will never die".
 It was cancelled in 1990, though reruns continued on Nick at Nite until 1995 and often in early morning time slots right after Nick at Nite finished, through at least March 2000.
 In 1994, Herbert developed another new series of 15-minute spots called Teacher to Teacher with Mr.
 Wizard.
 They highlighted individual elementary science teachers and their projects.
 The series was sponsored by the National Science Foundation and was shown on Nickelodeon.
 Selected episodes of Mr.
 Wizard's World are available on DVD from Mr.
 Wizard Studios Inc.
 in 10-Single Volumes featuring 4-Episodes on each disk, Gift Box-Sets is also available.
 Five seasons of the show, 75 episodes, of the 78 total were released on Amazon instant streaming.
   Mr.
 Wizard is mentioned in the "Weird Al" Yankovic song "Cable TV" as one of the many television programs the song's protagonist watches.
 A Mr.
 Wizard VHS tape can be seen in the Homestar Runner cartoon "Puppet Time.
" On Model Behavior episode of NCIS Special Agent Gibbs says "like Mr.
 Wizard" when Abby Sciuto talks about Bill Nye the Science Guy In the award winning play Angels in America by Tony Kushner, one of the characters Roy Cohn calls his doctor Mr.
 Wizard.
 In one sketch in the 13th episode of the 36th season of Saturday Night Live, Mr.
 Wizard's World is parodied with Bill Hader in the title role.
 In the 1989 Disney sci-fi comedy, Honey, I Shrunk the Kids, Russ Thompson, Sr.
 (Matt Frewer) calls Wayne Szalinski (Rick Moranis) Mr.
 Wizard.
 In the TV series Beakman's World two puppet penguins are named "Don" and "Herb," after Don Herbert.
 In three episodes of The Big Bang Theory, the characters meet a retired TV scientist based on Mr.
 Wizard named Professor Proton (played by Bob Newhart).
   Beakman's World Bill Nye the Science Guy     "Watch Mr.
 Wizard: Still Crazy (for Science) After All These Years".
 Interview With Don Herbert.
 Education Digest.
 Ann Arbor: October 1994.
 Vol 60.
 Iss.
 2: pp.
 68 71.
 Weingarten, Mark (June 27, 2004).
 "When Science Was Simple: Watching Mr.
 Wizard".
 New York Times.
  Interview of Don Herbert by Mark Weingarten.
  Edgar William Brandt (1880   1960) was a French ironworker, prolific weapons designer and head of a company that designed 60mm, 81mm and 120mm mortars that were very widely copied throughout and subsequent to World War II.
 He also invented discarding-sabot artillery shells, and contributed substantially through his development of HEAT rifle grenades to the development of effective HEAT-warhead weapons for infantry anti-tank use.
 In 1902, Brandt set up the business  tablissements Brandt, where he produced ironwork and light armaments; this was based at 76 rue Michel-Ange in Paris.
 His company was nationalised in 1936, and subsequently it purchased several engineering companies including the soci t  M canique Industrielle de Pr cision (MIP) at Tulle in 1938.
 The same year, Brandt opened a major facility at La Fert -Saint-Aubin which became the company's headquarters.
 In 1956 Hotchkiss et Cie merged with  tablissements Brandt to form the Hotchkiss-Brandt company, which ten years later merged with Thomson and became Thomson-Brandt Armements.
 After further evolutions, the company is now called TDA Armements SAS and is a part of the Thales Group.
 He also was a very fine artist.
 He made things out of metal like his very fine Firescreen he created for a fireplace.
 It has the principle of design of balance.
   Some of the products designed and built by Brandt's company and its successors include: Brandt 60 mm LR Gun-mortar Brandt 60 mm HB Gun-Mortar Brandt Mle 27/31 81 mm mortar Brandt Mle 1935 60 mm mortar Mortier 120mm Ray  Tract  Mod le F1  Vriesea platzmannii is a species of the genus Vriesea.
 This species is endemic to Brazil.
   BROMELIACEAE DA MATA ATL NTICA BRASILEIRA retrieved 22 October 2009Reading Motorcycle Club is a motorcycle club in Oley, Pennsylvania founded in 1911 and incorporated in 1914.
 The RMC has the distinction of holding the fourth American Motorcycle Association (AMA) organization number.
 Each year since 1969, the RMC has hosted an annual Anniversary Party during the last full weekend in July, one of the largest gatherings by a motorcycle club on the East Coast of the USA.
  The Osteoarthritis Research Society International (OARSI) is a non-profit scientific organization.
 The mission of OARSI is to promote and advance research for the prevention and treatment of osteoarthritis.
 OARSI publishes an international fully peer-reviewed multidisciplinary journal, Osteoarthitis and Cartilage.
 Many specialists, practitioners and researchers use this journal as a forum for idea dissemination related to diseases of cartilage and joints.
   Each year OARSI hosts a world congress on osteoarthritis.
   ^ OARSI.
org  The Coimim River is a river of Roraima state in northern Brazil.
   List of rivers of Roraima   Brazilian Ministry of TransportSunset is an unincorporated community in Montague County, Texas, United States.
 Until 1900, a surveying error had placed the community in Wise County.
 The Fort Worth and Denver Railway runs through Sunset.
 The population was 339 at the 2000 census.
 The city disincorporated on April 19, 2007.
     On April 9, 2009, the community was evacuated in advance of approaching wildfires.
 The fires ripped through the town in "patchwork fashion," destroying many homes and businesses.
   Sunset is located at 33 27 14 N 97 46 0 W (33.
453823, -97.
766724).
 According to the United States Census Bureau, the city has a total area of 1.
1 square miles (2.
8 km2), all of it land.
    As of the census of 2000, Sunset had 339 people, 133 households, and 90 families with a population density of 318.
8 people per square mile (123.
5/km ).
 Additionally, Sunset had 151 housing units at an average density of 142.
0 per square mile (55.
0/km ).
 The racial makeup was 95.
28% White, 1.
18% Asian, 1.
47% from other races, and 2.
06% from two or more races.
 Hispanic or Latino of any race were 3.
24% of the population.
 Of the 133 households noted in the 2000 census, 36.
1% had children under the age of 18, 54.
1% were married couples living together, 8.
3% had a female householder with no husband present, and 31.
6% were non-families.
 Furthermore, 28.
6% of all households were made up of individuals and 14.
3% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older.
 The average household size was 2.
55 and the average family size was 3.
15.
 Per the 2000 census, the population of Sunset consisted of the following age groups: 18 or younger (28.
6%), 18-24 (7.
7%), 25-44 (28.
9%), 45-64 (22.
1%), and 65 or older (12.
7%).
 The median age was 35 years.
 The median income at the 2000 census was $24,886 for households and $29,643 for families.
 Males had a median income of $26,875 versus $17,083 for females.
 The per capita income for the city was $11,304.
 Approximately 17.
3% of families and 16.
5% of the population were below the poverty line, including 26.
4% of those under the age of 18 and 4.
2% of those 65 or over.
   Sunset is served by the Bowie Independent School District.
    Kandyba or Candyba (Hittite: Hinduwa, Lycian: X kbi, Ancient Greek:  , Latin: Candyba) was an ancient settlement in Lycia, in modern-day Antalya province on the southwestern Mediterranean coast of Turkey.
 The modern Turkish village next to the ruins of ancient Kandyba is named  ataloluk.
   The ancient settlement is set on a hilltop high above the plain of Kasaba, 13 kilometres north of Ka .
 The modern village is located to the south of the ruins.
   In antiquity, Candyba was one of the smaller cities of Lycia, but was an independent polis with voting rights in the Lycian League and minted its own coins.
 Since it was in the Roman province of Lycia, the bishopric of Candyba was a suffragan of the metropolitan see of Myra, the province's capital.
 The names of two of its bishops are preserved in extant records.
 Constantinus took part in the Second Council of Nicaea in 787; and Basilius was at the Photian Council of Constantinople (879).
 No longer a residential bishopric, Candyba is today listed by the Catholic Church as a titular see.
   Some of the rock tombs are beautifully executed.
 One perfect inscription in Lycian characters was found.
 A coin procured on the spot from the peasantry had the letters KAND on it.
    Martin Zimmermann: Untersuchungen zur historischen Landeskunde Zentrallykiens, Bonn 1992, pp.
 56-61.
 Hansgerd Hellenkemper, Friedrich Hild: Lykien und Pamphylien.
 Tabula Imperii Byzantini 8.
 Vienna 2004.
 Vol.
 2, pp.
 595-596.
  This article incorporates text from a publication now in the public domain: Smith, William, ed.
 (1854 1857).
 "Kandyba".
 Dictionary of Greek and Roman Geography.
 London: John Murray.
   The 2012 Metro Atlantic Athletic Conference Baseball Tournament took place from May 24 27.
 The top four regular season finishers of the league's teams met in the double-elimination tournament held at Siena's Joseph L.
 Bruno Stadium in Troy, NY.
 Manhattan won their second consecutive, and third overall, tournament championship and earned the conference's automatic bid to the 2012 NCAA Division I Baseball Tournament.
   The top four teams were seeded one through four based on their conference winning percentage.
 They then played a double-elimination tournament.
   * - Indicates game required extra innings.
   The following players were named to the All-Tournament Team.
   Taylor Sewitt was named Tournament Most Valuable Player.
 Sewitt was a pitcher for Manhattan.
  Baghcheh-ye Jonubi (Persian:    , also Romanized as B ghcheh-ye Jon b ) is a village in Baghak Rural District, in the Central District of Tangestan County, Bushehr Province, Iran.
 At the 2006 census, its population was 69, in 17 families.
  Larry Brown, Jr.
 (born November 30, 1969) is a former American football cornerback in the National Football League for the Dallas Cowboys and the Oakland Raiders.
 He is mostly known for being named the MVP of Super Bowl XXX.
 Brown was a starting cornerback on all three Dallas Cowboys championship teams of the nineties.
 He attended Texas Christian University (TCU) in Fort Worth, Texas.
   He was a two-sport athlete at Los Angeles High School, earning All-City honors in football and track.
 After not receiving any scholarship offers, he began his collegiate career at Los Angeles Southwest College as a running back.
 He was moved to cornerback during his sophomore season, at the end of which he transferred to Texas Christian University.
 At TCU he was a starter from his first game, leading the team in pass deflections during his senior season.
 In 1990 he was invited to the Blue Gray Football Classic where he earned MVP honors.
     Brown was drafted in the 12th round of the 1991 NFL Draft by the Dallas Cowboys.
 Although there wasn't many expectations for him at the start of preseason, he surprised the coaches with his play, even though he quit training camp for a few days because of personal reasons and also had a brief hospitalization that was thought to be appendicitis.
 He became the first Cowboys rookie to start at cornerback since Ron Francis did it in 1987.
 He was also named to the NFL all-rookie team.
 In the Cowboys 52-17 win over the Buffalo Bills in Super Bowl XXVII, Brown recorded an interception in the second quarter.
 In 1995 with the Cowboys having discussions to possibly sign the flashy free agent cornerback Deion Sanders, Brown was on his way to becoming a nickelback until Kevin Smith tore his achilles tendon in the first game of the 1995 season against the New York Giants on Monday Night Football.
 The move went from a luxury to a need and Sanders was signed the following week, while Brown remained in the starting lineup and responded with the best season of his career, recording 6 interceptions, 124 return yards, and two touchdowns.
 That year the Cowboys reached Super Bowl XXX, where Brown became the first cornerback to win the Super Bowl Most Valuable Player Award and the first defensive back since 1973 to do it.
 In that game, Brown's two interceptions of Pittsburgh Steelers quarterback Neil O'Donnell helped lift the Cowboys to their third championship in four seasons.
 The award and acclaim he received was especially poignant considering the death of his young son earlier in the season.
 Brown also had a key 28-yard interception return against the Green Bay Packers in the NFC Championship Game prior to the Super Bowl.
 Brown was a pivotal member of 3 Super Bowl championship teams and although he was considered the weak link of the defense, he more than held his own against some of the best wide receivers in NFL history, like Jerry Rice, Art Monk, Cris Carter and Sterling Sharpe.
 Rice had some terrible games playing against him, which led Brown to claim that he owned Rice, a statement that came back to haunt him after the 1994 NFC Championship Game.
   Brown became a free agent immediately after his Super Bowl MVP performance and used his award as leverage to gain a lucrative contract with the Oakland Raiders.
 But he was a disappointment and was waived after playing just 12 games in two years for the Raiders.
   He returned to Dallas for the 1998 season, which would be the last year of his playing career.
 He retired with 14 career interceptions, which he returned for a total of 210 yards and two touchdowns.
 He also recorded two fumble recoveries.
   Currently, Brown is a cohost of The Dallas Cowboys Radio Network Pregame and Postgame Shows on 105.
3 The Fan, the flagship station of the Dallas Cowboys Radio Network.
 He also played himself in an episode of Married.
.
.
 with Children.
 He was named Number 3 in NFL Top 10 for One Shot Wonders.
    Leon Everton George Crooks (born 21 November 1985) is an English footballer who is currently a free agent.
   Born in Greenwich, London, Leon Crooks joined Wycombe Wanderers in January 2007 from Milton Keynes Dons for a nominal fee.
 However he failed to impress manager Paul Lambert, despite fans' spokesman Luke Taylor describing him as a "sensational talent", and in July 2007 he was left out of a pre-season tour to Germany.
 He requested to be allowed to train with the Dons while he searched for a new contract at the start of the new season but returned to Wycombe after a week having failed to impress new Dons manager Paul Ince.
 In January 2009 it was announced that Crooks would join Conference National side Ebbsfleet United on month's loan.
 Crooks made his debut for Ebbsfleet in their 1 0 home league win over Rushden & Diamonds, and the loan was subsequently extended to two, and then three months.
 At the end of the 2008 09 season, Wycombe Wanderers released Crooks.
 Crooks signed for Ebbsfleet United permanently on 6 August 2009, but was released in the summer of 2010.
    Alexotypa is a genus of moths in the Carposinidae family.
   Alexotypa caradjai Diakonoff, 1989 Alexotypa japonica (Walsingham, 1900) (originally in Propedesis) Alexotypa vitiata (Meyrick, 1913) (originally in Meridarchis)    Natural History Museum Lepidoptera generic names catalogMassappeal is an Australian hardcore punk band formed in 1985.
 They were one of the first Australian hardcore bands.
 The three original members were Darren Gilmore, Kevin McClaer, and Randy Retmann.
 The band learned about hardcore in the US and UK via tape trading and by reading zines.
 The band's first gig was on Mardi-Gras night in 1985 in Sydney.
 They first made their music available-a live taping-on a compilation tape for a fanzine entitled Zit.
 Waterfront Records asked the band to record a demo in May 1986 and an album, Nobody Likes a Thinker, which was released in December 1986.
 It was reviewed positively in Australian music magazines and daily newspapers.
 The album garnered the number 1 spot on the Australian indie charts.
 The band toured Australia, first with another Australian band, and later with the US band DRI.
 Darren left the band in 1987 and Tubby Wadsworth, a drummer from the metal scene, took over on drums.
  The Orinduik Falls lie on the Ireng River, a highland river that thunders over steps and terraces of red jasper on the border of Guyana and Brazil before merging with the Takutu River and into Brazil to join the Amazon River.
 The falls are situated amid the rolling, grass-covered hills of the Pakaraima Mountains.
 Orinduik Falls is a wide, multi-tiered series of cascades making it an ideal waterfall for swimming.
 Waterfall is approximately 25 m tall and more than 150 m wide.
 There are other waterfalls on Ireng River, including the approximately 100 m tall Kurutuik Falls located more than 40 km to the north, but due to hard accessibility these falls are rarely visited.
   Thanks to the airstrip next to the falls, Orinduik Falls is a popular tourist destination.
 The falls lie at the edge of the Pakaraima Mountains.
 There are frequent flights from Ogle Airport and Cheddi Jagan International Airport in Georgetown and most tours are combined with Kaieteur Falls.
  Lagarde-Hachan is a commune in the Gers department in southwestern France.
   The Petite Ba se forms part of the commune's western border.
     Communes of the Gers department   INSEEMar a Sandra Ugalde Basald a (born 12 June 1968) is a Mexican politician from the National Action Party.
 From 2009 to 2012 she served as Deputy of the LXI Legislature of the Mexican Congress representing Quer taro.
  "The Possum" is the 18th episode of the second season of the American comedy television series Parks and Recreation, and the 24th overall episode of the series.
 It originally aired on NBC in the United States on March 11, 2010.
 In the episode, Leslie forms a task force to capture an possum that bit the mayor's dog, but she begins to fear she has caught the wrong animal.
 The episode was written by Mike Scully and directed by Tristram Shapeero.
 "The Possum" featured a guest appearance by Alison Becker, who reprised her previous guest role as reporter Shauna Malwae-Tweep.
 Supporting character Ron Swanson is revealed to have a large woodshop in "The Possum", which was inspired by actor Nick Offerman's real-life carpentry skills.
 According to Nielsen Media Research, "The Possum" was seen by 4.
6 million viewers.
 Its rating among viewers between ages 18 and 49 constituted a nine percent drop from the previous week's episode, "Woman of the Year".
 "The Possum" received generally positive reviews.
   After the infamous opossum "Fairway Frank" bites Mayor Gunderson's dog at a golf course, mayoral representative Evelyn (Judith Moreland) asks Leslie (Amy Poehler) to form a task force to capture it.
 Leslie, Tom (Aziz Ansari), Andy (Chris Pratt) and two incompetent animal control workers, Harris (Harris Wittels) and Brett (Colton Dunn) go to the golf course and quickly find the animal.
 The animal control workers are useless and Tom immediately runs away, but Andy dives toward the animal and captures it.
 Evelyn is impressed with Leslie and promises her a special favor from the mayor's office.
 However, Leslie sees a second opossum and fears they have captured the wrong animal.
 She later finds out that the mayor doesn't care about catching Fairway Frank, but rather about securing a trophy animal for his bathroom.
 Back at the department office, reporter Shauna Malwae-Tweep (Alison Becker) interviews Andy for a newspaper article.
 After he brags about the capture, the reporter suggests his heroics might win him back the affections of Ann (Rashida Jones), his ex-girlfriend, much to Andy's excitement.
 April (Aubrey Plaza), who has romantic feelings for Andy, overhears this and leaves jealously.
 Evelyn demands delivery of Fairway Frank.
 Leslie responds that there is uncertainty about the identity of Fairway Frank.
 She refuses to hand over the captured opossum and creates a ketchup-blood diversion so that April can escape with the caged animal.
 Leslie and April take the opossum to Ann's home, where April has been paid $50 to housesit.
 April lets the opossum out of its cage, and it causes havoc and minor damage.
 While hiding from the animal, April reveals her feelings about Andy to Leslie for the first time.
 When Leslie refuses to hand over the opossum, Evelyn angrily takes back her promise of a favor from the mayor's office.
 Andy, still oblivious to the reasons behind April's jealousy, delivers coffee to April, as well as the day's newspaper, containing a story which credits April for providing moral support to Andy.
 It is later revealed that Leslie has donated the opossum to the Pawnee zoo.
 Meanwhile, Ron (Nick Offerman) plans a woodshop expansion in his home and seeks the approval of city planner Mark (Paul Schneider).
 Mark informs Ron that an inspection is needed to ensure that the facility meets all current zoning code standards, and an obviously lying Ron claims it does, clearly underscoring his vexation with governmental regulations.
 During the inspection, Mark finds numerous code violations, including oily rags placed above a wood-burning fireplace and a long-outdated fire extinguisher.
 Later, Mark takes a half-day off so that he can help his friend's woodshop meet city code.
 Ron thanks Mark by building a wooden canoe and leaving it in his office.
    "The Possum" was written by Mike Scully and directed by Tristram Shapeero.
 Despite the title, the animal featured in the episode is an opossum, a marsupial species native to the Americas which is commonly called a possum, though that name refers to animals native to the Eastern Hemisphere.
 Some commentators said the main plotline involving the opossum served as an allegory for capital punishment.
 The episode featured actress and comedian Alison Becker in a guest appearance as Pawnee Journal reporter Shauna Malwae-Tweep.
 The actress and character first appeared in the first season episode "The Reporter", in which she had sex with Mark, which Andy bluntly recollects upon first seeing Shauna in "The Possum".
 Rashida Jones appears only in the opening and closing scenes of "The Possum" because she was filming scenes for The Social Network, an upcoming David Fincher film about the founding of the social-networking website Facebook.
 In "The Possum", Ron is revealed to have a very large woodshop.
 This element of Ron's character was inspired by actor Nick Offerman, who in addition to comedy runs an independent carpentry business called Offerman Woodshop.
 This was also referenced in the previous second season episode "Sweetums", in which Ron builds a harp from scratch to prove to Leslie he is not intoxicated.
 During one scene, Leslie shows a list of the Pawnee Parks Department's Most Wanted Pests, which includes several raccoons.
 This is a reference to a running gag, established from the series, that Pawnee has a terrible raccoon infestation problem.
 Shortly after "The Possum" originally aired, a downloadable PDF file was made available on NBC's "City of Pawnee" website of the most wanted pests list, which included images of the 10 most animals including raccoons, the opossum, a bat, a feral cat and a crow.
 The site also included a PDF file of the front page of the fictional newspaper's The Pawnee Journal, which included the newspaper article referenced in the episode about Andy's capture of the opossum.
 A printed copy of the newspaper article can be seen taped to the wall of Andy's shoeshine stand in the subsequent episode, "Park Safety".
   While visiting a golf course, Tom said he used to love golf pro Tiger Woods, until his extramarital affairs scandal was revealed, and then he considered him a god.
 One of the raccoons featured on a list of Pawnee's Most Wanted Pests List was named Zorro, a reference to the sword-wielding title character of several books, films and television programs.
 Another pest is named "Jangle Bo Jangles", a reference to the pop song "Mr.
 Bojangles".
   In its original American NBC broadcast on March 11, 2010, "The Possum" was seen by 4.
6 million viewers, according to Nielsen Media Research.
 Although it was the same amount of viewers as last week's episode, "Woman of the Year", "The Possum" had a 2.
1 rating/6 share among viewers between ages 18 and 49, a nine percent drop from the previous episode.
 In the 9 p.
m.
 timeslot on March 11, Parks and Recreation was outperformed by American Idol on Fox, which drew 20.
46 million viewers, and Survivor: Heroes vs.
 Villains on CBS, which drew 12.
17 million viewers.
 "The Possum" outperformed a repeat of Grey's Anatomy on ABC, which drew 4.
5 million viewers, and The Vampire Diaries on The CW, which drew 1.
37 million viewers.
  The episode received generally positive reviews.
 Alan Sepinwall, television columnist with The Star-Ledger, said the episode featured strong physical comedy, political satire, romantic tension and character moments.
 He said he "loved virtually every beat of the possum story" and finds the developing Andy and April relationship funny and believable.
 Entertainment Weekly writer Sandra Gonzalez said "The Possum" was a very funny episode, and particularly praised the development of the Andy and April relationship.
 She said Plaza and Pratt did some of their best work to date in the episode.
 Matt Fowler of IGN praised the April and Andy relationship and the subplot with Ron and Mark, although he claimed Ron was the funnier of the duo and Mark's character is too normal and boring for the show.
 Fowler also liked the way Leslie's political ambition conflicted with her conscience in the episode.
 New York magazine writer Steve Kandell praised the main plotline with Leslie and the performances by Pratt and Offerman, particularly praising the jokes surrounding Ron's woodworking hobby.
 Kandell pointed out the episode did not suffer from Ann's absence and suggested although Rashida Jones is charming, the show does not need her.
 Leonard Pierce of The A.
V.
 Club said the episode's main story was "a bit of a trifle" and the subplots were lacking, but that "The Possum" included several laughs and demonstrated Ron and Leslie's opposing attitudes about local government.
   "The Possum", along with the other 23 second season episodes of Parks and Recreation, was released on a four-disc DVD set in the United States on November 30, 2010.
 The DVD included deleted scenes for each episode.
    These are the results of the women's doubles competition in badminton at the 2011 Southeast Asian Games in Jakarta.
       ResultsThere have been a number of economic arguments advanced regarding evaluation of the benefits of biodiversity.
 Most are anthropocentric but economists have also debated whether biodiversity is inherently valuable, independent of benefits to human.
 Diverse ecosystems are typically more productive than non-diverse ones, because any set of species can never fully exploit all potential niches.
 Since human economic productivity is largely reliant on Earth's ecosystems, adequate bioproductivity needs to be maintained.
 The wealth of natural innovation found in biological organisms rivals all known technologies derived through synthetic means.
 A single human genome has some three billion bits of information but the human species also has many variations.
 There are many millions of species of life on the planet each with valuable information.
 Many chemical formulae and forty-five percent of all drugs have bio-origin.
 In the long run keeping genetic records of all species could, however, be just as useful in this regard.
 Some of the important economic commodities that biodiversity supplies to humankind are:    Biodiversity provides high variety of food: crops, livestock, forestry, and fish are important food source of human species.
 However, the number of species have been domesticated and cultivated are small if comparing with the number of species existing.
 Wild species and varieties can supply genes for improving domesticated species by improving their yield, disease resistance, tolerance and vigor; this can increase the profit of farming.
    Using control species is often considered as more enivronmentally friendly method with compared with using pesticides.
 The control species can be used to protect the crops against pests and weeds.
 The economic loss due to the loss of crops/food can be reduced with the use of the control species.
 Also, the population of disease vectors (for example, mosquitoes) and the invasive species can be controlled; thus, the economic loss led by the invasive species and vectors can be reduced.
 However, even with extensive research into the control species, their use is a risky business, as in the importation of the Cane Toad to control beetles in Queensland.
    A wide variety of plants, animals and fungi are used as medicine.
 Wild plant species have been used for medicinal purposes since before the beginning of recorded history.
 Over 60% of world population depends on the plant medicines for their primary health care.
 For example, quinine comes from the cinchona tree has been used to treat malaria, digitalis from the foxglove plant treats chronic heart trouble, and morphine from the poppy plant gives pain relief.
 According to the National Cancer Institute, over 70% of the promising anti-cancer drugs come from plants in the tropical rainforests.
 It is estimated that of the 250,000 known plant species, only 5,000 have been researched for possible medical applications.
 Ethnopharmacy is the branch of science that investigates traditional medicines.
 Animals may also play a role, in particular in research.
 In traditional remedies, animals are extensively used as drugs.
 Many animals also medicate themselves.
 Zoopharmacognosy is the study of how animals use plants, insects and other inorganic materials in self-medicatation.
 In an interview with the late Neil Campbell, Eloy Rodriguez describes the importance of biodiversity: "Some of the compounds we've identified by zoopharmacognosy kill parasitic worms, and some of these chemicals may be useful against tumors.
 There is no question that the templates for most drugs are in the natural world.
"    For example, fibers for clothing, wood for shelter and warmth.
 Biodiversity may be a source of energy (such as biomass).
 Other industrial products are oils, lubricants, perfumes, fragrances, dyes, paper, waxes, rubber, latexes, resins, poisons, and cork, which can all be derived from various plant species.
 Supplies from animal origin include wool, silk, fur, leather, lubricants, and waxes.
 Animals may also be used as a mode of transport.
 Biological material can provide models for many industrial materials and structures.
 For example, the inspiration for the infrared sensor came from the thermosensitive pit organ of rattlesnake.
 The modelling is considered as Biomimicry.
 By biodiversity we take different kind of materials in different and new form like first we use a paper that is made of only from wood but by biodiversity we improve it and use in our daily life.
                       Printing companies  impacts on biodiversity are often associated with other environmental impacts, such as energy use, waste generation or emissions of VOCs.
 Major impacts arise from the technology employed in the printing process, procurement decisions as well as the way in which a company manages and interacts with wildlife on its own site as well as within the community where it is based.
 Off-set lithography, employed by the majority of printers operating in the UK, emits Volatile Organic Compounds (VOCs) in the process of eliminating water surface tension necessary to make ink adhere to paper.
 When oxides of nitrogen (NOx) react with oxygen in the presence of Volatile Organic Compounds (VOCs), sunlight ozone is produced.
 At ground level, ozone poses a significant threat to ecosystems as well as humans.
 By destroying chlorophyll, it interferes with the ability of plants to produce and store food, making them more susceptible to disease, insects, other pollutants and harsh weather.
 This is turn limits the food availability for foragers, threatening the health of an entire ecosystem.
 Other ramifications include potential economic effects due to crop damage by ground level ozone reducing crop yields.
 Off-set lithography also requires water, and in the UK potentially millions of gallons are diverted from habitats and species each year by the printing sector.
 The industry s demand for paper provides companies with an influence over the amount as well as the type of paper supplied.
 Forest stewardship promoting sustainable management is essential for balancing the need for forest products, including wood pulp used in paper manufacturing, and conservation of trees, soil, water courses, plants and animals.
 Destruction of ancient woodland, rain forests or other important woodland habitats for the production of paper have important ramifications for biodiversity within the de-forested and surrounding areas as well as globally.
 Regardless of the type of paper sourced, excessive paper use due to inefficiencies can add to unnecessary waste streams and high demands on paper can place pressure on forest environments.
 Where a company is located on or near a site with some wildlife potential, the way in which this land is managed will have a significant impact on biodiversity.
 Biodiversity can flourish in urban environments given the right conditions such as un-mown grass verges, hedges or bird-feeders or boxes.
 There are now many examples of how the integration of biodiversity into urban areas not only helps wildlife, but provides people with potential for enjoying and taking part in activities which benefit nature conservation.
Bold text   Various animals are harvested for display and as pet; many species of plants are harvested for personal and private gardening.
 In Britain alone, some 65,000 species are sold for horticulture.
 It has been suggested that this form of ex-situ conservation may be the most practical form in the future.
    Biodiversity is a source of economic wealth for many regions of the world, such as many nature reserves, parks and forests, where wildlife and plants are sources of beauty and joy for many people.
 Ecotourism, in particular, is a growing outdoor recreational activity.
 In 1988, it is estimated that 157-236 million people took part in ecotourism.
 The majority of species have yet to be evaluated for their current or future economic importance.
    Biodiversity Action Plan Environmental economics Endangered Species Recovery Plan   ^ Kevin J.
 Gaston & John I.
 Spicer.
 2004.
 Biodiversity: an introduction, Blackwell Publishing.
 2nd Ed.
 ISBN 1-4051-1857-1 ^ Campbell, N.
 A.
 (1996) Biology (4th edition).
 Benjamin Cummings NY.
 p.
23 ISBN 0-8053-1957-3The Aberdare Canal (Welsh: Camlas Aberd r) was a canal in Glamorganshire, Wales which ran from Aberdare to a junction with the Glamorganshire Canal at Abercynon.
 It opened in 1812, and served the iron and coal industries for nearly 65 years.
 The arrival of railways in the area did not immediately affect its traffic, but the failure of the iron industry in 1875 and increasing subsidence due to coal mining led to it becoming uneconomic.
 The Marquess of Bute failed to halt its decline when he took it over in 1885, and in 1900 it was closed on safety grounds.
 The company continued to operate a tramway until 1944.
 Most of the route was buried by the construction of the A4059 road in 1923, although a short section at the head of the canal remains in water and is now a nature reserve.
 The company was wound up in 1955.
   By the 1780s, industry in the area around Aberdare was developing.
 John Maybery and Thomas Wilkins owned an ironworks at Hirwaun, which was leased by Anthony Bacon.
 He died in 1786, and the lease was taken over by Samuel Glover from Birmingham, who built a tramway.
 The nearby Neath Canal was authorised in 1791, and from its terminus at Glynneath, a tramway could be constructed to reach Hirwaun.
 Glover joined several others who were promoting the development of the Taff Valley, and plans for a branch canal from the Glamorganshire Canal to Aberdare, with feeder tramways, were conceived.
 Funds to survey a canal to link the Glamorganshire Canal to the Neath Canal were raised in 1792, and the canal engineer John Dadford surveyed a route for a road along the Aberdare Valley at the same time.
 Dadford presented evidence to a House of Commons Committee in February 1793, and to the House of Lords in early March.
 The Aberdare Canal Company was incorporated by an Act of Parliament obtained on 28 March 1793, which authorised the company to build a canal from Aberdare to Abercynon (at the time called Navigation) and a railway from Aberdare to Glynneath, on the Neath Canal.
 The Act also empowered the company to build tramroads to any mines, quarries or works within 8 miles (13 km) of the route of the canal and railway.
 To complete this task, it had powers to raise an initial  22,500, and a further  11,000 if required.
 A turnpike road from Abercynon to Glynneath via Aberdare was authorised on the same day.
 Although construction of the canal was authorised, it was not deemed to be viable at the time, as the Hirwaun Ironworks was the only potential user.
 Instead, James Dadford was employed to survey a route for a tramway which would run from Aberdare to Penderyn via Hirwaun.
 The track used edge rails, similar to modern railway lines, and consequently trucks with flanged wheels.
 The tramway linked a colliery, a limestone quarry and an ironworks.
 The company leased some limestone quarries at Penderyn, and conveyed the stone along the tramway to the Hirwaun Ironworks and to their own lime kilns.
 The route of the canal was re-surveyed in 1800 by Dadford's brother, Thomas, but with the opening of two further ironworks by 1806, the company finally resolved to build the canal at a meeting held in September 1809.
 Edward Martin from Morriston was employed to re-survey the route, which was completed by 9 January 1810, and Thomas Sheasby junior was employed as engineer.
 Construction of the 6.
75 miles (10.
86 km) of canal began, with the Glamorganshire Canal Company agreeing to waiving tolls on all stone and lime cargoes which were for the new canal.
 Thomas Sheasby resigned as engineer in August 1811, and was replaced by George Overton, who worked for two days each week.
 The canal level dropped by 13 ft (4m) over its length, and this was accommodated by building two locks, one at Cwmbach and the other at Dyffryn.
 A feeder from the Afon Cynon supplied water to the canal at Canal Head, an aqueduct carried the canal over Nant Pennar, and a stop lock was built at the bottom end, where the canal joined the Glamorganshire Canal just below lock 17.
 There was a dispute with Richard Blakemore, who owned the Pentyrch ironworks and the Melingriffith Tin Plate Works, and who wanted surplus water to be returned to the river, but he was ultimately ignored, and the water supplied the Glamorganshire Canal.
 The canal was open for traffic by May 1812, although some outstanding work was completed over the following months.
   The four main carriers on the canal were given wharf space at Canal Head, Ty Draw, where four 80-foot (24 m) wharves were constructed and the Glamorganshire Canal Company also allocated them wharf space at the pound at Cardiff Sea Lock.
 Trade in iron began well, but a disastrous depression began in 1813, resulting in the bankruptcy of the Hirwaun and Abernant ironworks, and the Llwydcoed ironworks ceasing production.
 With no sources of income, the canal effectively closed, and the tramway to the Neath Canal was abandoned.
 The economy began to recover in 1818, and William Crawshay leased the Hirwaun ironworks.
 Having reconstructed and expanded it, he gradually bought out the Aberdare Canal Company, to ensure the route for his goods, and owned 96% of the shares by 1826.
 Between 1823 and 1826, the banks were raised, in order to allow the capacity of boats to be increased from 20 tons to 25 tons.
 This was financed by selling eleven shares, with additional costs being met from revenue, with the result that no dividend was paid in 1826.
 In 1837, the first pit for the extraction of steam coal was sunk at Abernant-y-Groes by Thomas Wayne and his family.
 Wayne had previously been the Clerk for the canal company.
 An entrepreneur called Thomas Powell started another pit at Tyr Founder in 1840, and hit the Four Foot seam two years later.
 Fifteen more pits were sunk in the Cynon Valley between 1840 and 1853, and a number of basins and tramways were constructed to facilitate export of the coal.
 Thomas Powell negotiated the right to carry coal in boxes in the boats, as a way to reduce breakage and ease handling of the product, with the empty boxes not incurring tolls on the return journey.
 With the increasing traffic, more water was needed, and the ponds on Hirwaun Common, which were owned by the Tappendens, were converted into a reservoir, covering 47 acres (19 ha), from which water was supplied to the canal via the Afon Cynon and the feeder at Canal Head.
 In 1845, the company decided to build a pumping engine at Tyr Founder, to supply water from the Afon Cynon to the canal just above Cwmbach lock.
 The Glamorganshire Canal Company were approached to share the cost, on the basis that they would benefit from the extra water, and they agreed to pay two thirds of the cost, providing that they owned the installation.
    With the increasing coal production, railways were attracted to the area.
 The Aberdare Railway was the first in 1846, branching off from the Taff Vale Railway's line from Cardiff to Merthyr Tudful at Abercynon, and running up the valley to Aberdare.
 Many of the collieries were linked to the railway by branch lines and sidings, but the canal company withheld consent to build bridges over the canal, and it was not until 1851 that a court ruling allowed the Wyrfa Coal Company to build the first, after which others followed.
 A second railway, the broad gauge Vale of Neath Railway, reached Aberdare in the same year.
 Despite the competition, the canal continued to carry a good volume of coal, rising from 159,653 tons in 1848 to 216,704 tons in 1858.
 In 1864, the Great Western Railway built a line to Middle Duffryn (later renamed Mountain Ash), and further depleted the trade in coal on the canal.
 The iron trade collapsed in 1875, when the Aberdare ironworks stopped production due to a strike, and the canal was increasingly affected by subsidence, caused by mining, but was unable to get any compensation from the mine owners.
 In 1885, both the Aberdare Canal and the Glamorganshire Canal were obtained by the Marquess of Bute, who bought the shares from the Crawshay family.
 Despite his efforts, the canal was no longer profitable.
 In 1888, 102,805 tons of goods were carried, but the rates were low in order to encourage use of the canal, and the income did not cover the running expenses.
    By 1897, the volume of traffic had dropped to 7,855 tons, and passage along the canal was extremely difficult, as a result of bridges and towpaths sinking.
 Maintenance costs kept increasing, and the decision was taken to close the canal in November 1900 on safety grounds.
 The company continued to operate the tramroad between Penderyn, Hirwaun and Aberdare, with the Penderyn to Hirwaun section being converted to standard gauge and linked to the Great Western Railway in 1904, and the remaining section being sold to the owners of the coal pits in 1944.
 The canal lay unused and derelict until 1923, when it was bought by Aberdare Urban District Council and Mountain Ash District Council.
 The Aberdare Canal Act was passed in 1924, authorising the purchase, and most of the canal bed was buried under the A4059 and B4275 roads.
 The Aberdare Canal Company was finally wound up in 1955.
   The Cynon Valley is a narrow valley, and the canal followed the course of the northern bank of the Afon Cynon for most of its length.
 Water was supplied to the top pound by the feeder from the Afon Cynon, and later by the pumping engine at Tyr Founder.
 The Cwmbach lock had a fall of 9.
2 feet (2.
8 m), after which the middle pound crossed the Nant Pennar stream on an aqueduct to arrive at the Dyffryn lock, which lowered the level by another 3.
8 feet (1.
2 m).
 There were a total of seven overflow weirs, to allow surplus water to return to the river, and a stop lock before the junction with the Glamorganshire Canal.
 Road building has obliterated most traces of the canal, but the top section from Canal Head to Ynyscynon House is in water and is now a nature reserve.
 Canal Head house, the original residence of the clerk of the canal also remains as a private dwelling.
 The junction with the Glamorganshire Canal was close to Lock Street in Abercynon.
      Canals of Great Britain History of the British canal system Waterscape      Yunus Qanuni (Persian:    , born 1957) is an Afghan politician who was Vice President of Afghanistan.
 An ethnic Tajik from the Panjshir Valley in Afghanistan, Qanuni is the leader of the Afghanistan e Naween (New Afghanistan) political party and former Speaker of the House of the People (the lower house of parliament or Wolesi Jirga).
   Following the Soviet Intervention of Afghanistan in 1979, Qanuni joined with the mujahideen force led by Ahmad Shah Massoud based in his native Panjshir Valley.
 A prot g  of Massoud, he was involved in the creation of the Afghan Northern Alliance and served as Interior Minister in Burhanuddin Rabbani's government.
 After the assassination of Massoud in 2001, a trio consisting of Qanuni, Defence Minister Mohammed Fahim and Foreign Minister Dr Abdullah took defacto control of the Northern Alliance and its financial resources.
 As a member of the Northern Alliance, he supported the United States invasion of Afghanistan in 2001, but opposed Pakistani involvement, as Pakistan favored a reformed Taliban government rather than a new government based upon the Afghan Northern Alliance.
 In 2001, Qanuni served as chief negotiator for the Afghan Northern Alliance delegation to the Bonn conference on Afghanistan in Bonn, Germany.
 Immediately after the fall of the Taliban government, Qanuni was interior minister in an interim administration.
 He was eventually made the education minister in the Afghan Transitional Administration (established in June 2002), and served as a security advisor to interim President Hamid Karzai.
 Along with Fahim and Abdullah, Qanuni was seen as one of the dominant figures of the Transitional Administration Elections for a permanent government were scheduled for 2004.
 When Qanuni's ally Mohammed Fahim was passed over as vice-presidential running mate of Karzai, Qanuni entered the race for the presidency himself.
 On October 5, 2004, Qanuni's campaign supporter, Abdul Aziz, was assassinated while in Shindand, Afghanistan.
 In the election, held October 9, 2004, he placed second to Karzai.
 On December 23, 2004, the newly inaugurated Karzai announced his administration, and both Qanuni and Fahim were dropped from their Ministerial posts.
   Qanuni was elected in the 2005 Afghan Parliamentary elections, placing second in the Kabul province.
 Since the Presidential election he has generally been seen as the spokesman of the formerly powerful Tajik ethnic group, which dominated the Northern Alliance and the Transitional Afghan Administration, but was largely sidelined after the 2004 Presidential Election.
 As well as his own party, Qanuni has formed an alliance of several parties called the Jabahai Tafahim Millie or National Understanding Front.
 On December 21, Qanuni was chosen to lead the 249-seat lower house of parliament with 122 votes against 117 for his closest challenger, Rasool Sayyaf.
     Biography: Mohammad Yunis Qanuni Profile: Yunus Qanuni; BBC; 9/10/2004Katherine L.
 "Kate" Adams (born c.
 1965) is an American attorney and corporate lawyer currently Senior Vice President and General Counsel at Honeywell International, the world's biggest maker of cockpit electronics.
 A highly regarded top executive and the most senior woman at Honeywell, she reports directly to its Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, David M.
 Cote.
 At Honeywell, Adams is in charge of the organization's global legal strategy for its 128.
000 workforce in more than 100 countries.
 In addition, she is responsible for managing all of the company's legal affairs including Securities and Exchange Commission filings and disclosure, corporate governance, human resources and benefits, intellectual property rights, litigation, environmental compliance, government relations as well as acquisitions and divestitures.
 Prior to joining Honeywell, Adams was a partner in the New York City office of the Chicago-based law firm Sidley Austin LLP.
 Earlier in her career, she served in roles as law clerk for Justice Sandra Day O'Connor, Supreme Court of the United States; trial attorney for the United States Department of Justice, Appellate Section, Environment and Natural Resources division; and law clerk for Stephen Breyer, then Chief Justice United States Court of Appeals for the First Circuit and now Associate Justice of the Supreme Court of the United States.
   In 1986, she earned a Bachelor's degree in Comparative Literature with French and German concentrations from Brown University and, in 1990, a Juris Doctor's degree from the University of Chicago Law School in Chicago, Illinois, where she was the recipient of the Order of the Coif.
 Throughout her career, Adams also held academic positions as adjunct assistant professor of law for the New York University Law School and adjunct assistant professor of environmental law for Columbia University Law School in New York City.
   In September 2008 Adams and other influential New Jerseyans, including 2008 Nobel Prize in Economics winner Paul Krugman, were invited at an Economic Roundtable hosted by Goldman Sachs' former Chairman and CEO, and ex-New Jersey Governor, Jon Corzine.
 Additionally, in 2009, she was also nominated for NJBIZ's "Best 50 Women in Business awards program" which recognizes "New Jersey's most dynamic and distinguished women in business today".
 The program serves to highlight their contributions to business and the community and salutes their ability to overcome obstacles in non-traditional work environments.
  10948 Odenwald (2207 P-L) is a main-belt asteroid.
 It was named for the Odenwald mountain range in Germany.
  Matthew Scott "Matt" Garza (born November 26, 1983) is an American professional baseball pitcher for the Milwaukee Brewers of Major League Baseball (MLB).
 He made his MLB debut in 2006 with the Minnesota Twins, and has also played in MLB for the Tampa Bay Rays, Chicago Cubs and Texas Rangers.
 With the Rays, Garza was named the American League Championship Series Most Valuable Player in 2008, and threw a no-hitter on July 26, 2010.
   Garza, who is of Mexican descent, was born in Selma, California.
 He attended Washington Union High School and Fresno State.
     Garza was the 25th pick in the first round of the 2005 Major League Baseball Draft, drafted by the Minnesota Twins.
  Entering 2006, Garza was ranked as the Minnesota Twins seventh-best prospect by Baseball America.
 He gained attention for rising through the ranks of the Twins' minor league system, starting the season at Single-A Fort Myers and ending at the major league level, pitching with the Double-A New Britain Rock Cats and the Triple-A Rochester Red Wings in between.
 Garza was a combined 14 4 at the three minor league levels in 2006, with a 1.
99 ERA and 154 strikeouts in 135   innings.
 He earned All-Star berths in the Single-A Florida State League and Double-A Eastern League.
 Backed by those numbers, Garza earned the USA Today Minor League Player of the Year Award for 2006, the second consecutive year in which a Twin won the award (in 2005, Garza's teammate Francisco Liriano was the winner).
 On August 8, Minnesota purchased Garza's contract, promoting him to the majors to replace the injured Liriano.
 Garza is one of a small number of players to advance through the minors and reach the major league level in a single season.
 On August 11, his major league debut, Garza allowed seven earned runs in 2   innings to the Toronto Blue Jays.
 Garza earned his first win on August 23 against the Baltimore Orioles, allowing just one unearned run in six innings.
 Entering 2007, Garza was rated as the top prospect in the Twins organization and the 21st-best prospect in Major League Baseball by Baseball America.
 Garza did not make the Twins rotation out of spring training, being assigned to Rochester instead.
 He was recalled to the Minnesota Twins on June 28 after being passed by other Twins pitching prospects such as Kevin Slowey and Scott Baker due to disagreements with the club over his pitch selection.
 He was selected to the 2007 All-Star Futures Game in San Francisco, but did not get to participate due to his call up to the major league club.
 On July 6, in a game against the Chicago White Sox at U.
S.
 Cellular Field, Garza became the first Twins pitcher to bat in an American League game since Allan Anderson in 1989.
 Garza was put in the eight-spot when catcher Mike Redmond left the game after his head was cut by Jim Thome's bat on a backswing.
 Joe Mauer, the designated hitter for the game, replaced Redmond as the catcher, forcing Garza into the lineup.
 On July 29, Garza recorded a career-high 11 strikeouts in six innings against the Cleveland Indians.
   After the 2007 season, the Twins traded Garza along with Jason Bartlett and Eduardo Morlan to the Tampa Bay Rays for Delmon Young, Jason Pridie, and Brendan Harris.
 Garza had a successful season with the Rays, going 11 9 while posting a 3.
70 ERA.
 He also earned MVP honors for the ALCS in which he helped the Rays beat the Boston Red Sox by posting a 1.
38 ERA in two starts, and earning the decisive victory in game 7 of the ALCS.
 On June 26, he carried a perfect game through 6.
0 innings against the Florida Marlins before giving up a leadoff home run in the seventh inning to Hanley Ram rez.
 That proved his only blemish as he won the complete game with 10 strikeouts and one walk.
 As of the end of July 2009, opposing batters were hitting .
222 against him, which was the second-lowest batting average in the league; he was just behind Edwin Jackson (.
216), and was followed by Jarrod Washburn (.
224) and Scott Feldman (.
228; .
217 as a starter).
 In 2009 he had the lowest range factor of all starting major league pitchers (0.
93).
  Garza threw a no-hitter on July 26, 2010 at home against the Detroit Tigers, becoming the fifth pitcher that season to throw a no-hitter.
 It was also the first no-hitter thrown by a Tampa Bay Rays pitcher in the team's history.
 He faced the minimum 27 batters as the lone base runner, Brennan Boesch, who drew a 1-out second inning walk, was erased on a double play hit by Ryan Raburn in the next at-bat.
 Garza threw 120 pitches, 80 for strikes, and tallied six strikeouts.
 101 of his pitches were fastballs.
   On January 7, 2011, Garza was traded from the Rays to the Chicago Cubs as part of an eight-player deal.
 The Cubs sent outfielder Sam Fuld, and prospects Christopher Archer, Hak-Ju Lee, Brandon Guyer, and Robinson Chirinos to the Rays for Garza, outfielder Fernando Perez and minor league left-handed pitcher Zac Rosscup.
 In spring training, Garza led all pitchers in the major leagues in earned runs given up, with 25, in 21.
2 innings.
 Garza finished the season with a 10-10 record and a 3.
32 ERA.
   The Cubs traded Garza to the Texas Rangers on July 22, 2013, in exchange for Mike Olt, Justin Grimm, C.
 J.
 Edwards, and Neil Ramirez.
   After the 2013 season, the Milwaukee Brewers reportedly agreed to sign Garza to what was initially reported as a four-year, $52 million contract.
 On January 26, 2014 the Brewers announced that the signing was official.
 The deal is reportedly guaranteed for $50 million over the course of four years, with each season having an additional $1 million in performance bonuses.
 There is also a performance/appearance based vesting option for a fifth year, worth $13 million, making the total contract worth as much as 5 years and $67 million.
 With the contract, Garza became the most expensive free agent that the Brewers have ever signed, surpassing Jeff Suppan's four year, $42 million contract signed prior to the 2007 season.
   Garza throws a 2-seam fastball that varies from 90 94 mph, as well as a 4-seam fastball that varies from 93 96 mph that can, on occasion, reach 98.
 His arsenal also includes a big, breaking curveball that he throws for 72 77 mph, a hard, tight slider in the mid-high 80s, and an occasional changeup he uses to fool hitters, especially lefties.
 His slider is considered his best strikeout pitch, and he is capable of throwing it for strikes late in the count to keep batters off balance.
 Rays' pitching coach Jim Hickey has commented that Garza has "the best stuff on the staff".
   Matt Garza is married to his high school sweetheart; together they have four children.
 As someone who has had to deal with teen pregnancy, Garza was invited to sit on a panel for The Candie's Foundation in New York City about combating teen pregnancy with Hayden Panettiere and Bristol Palin on May 6, 2009.
    Sustainable development is a road-map, an action plan, for achieving sustainability in any activity that uses resources and where immediate and intergenerational replication is demanded.
 Sustainable development coincides with further economic growth and human development in the developed economy (and society) for finding the means  of continual development beyond economic development.
 As such, sustainable development is the organizing principle for sustaining finite resources necessary to provide for the needs of future generations of life on the planet.
 It is a process that envisions a desirable future state for human societies in which living conditions and resource-use continue to meet human needs without undermining the "integrity, stability and beauty" of natural biotic systems.
    As a working definition, sustainability can be defined as the practice of maintaining processes of productivity indefinitely natural or human made by replacing resources used with resources of equal or greater value without degrading or endangering natural biotic systems.
 According to M.
 Hasna, sustainability is a function of social, economic, technological and ecological themes.
 Sustainable development ties together concern for the carrying capacity of natural systems with the social, political, and economic challenges faced by humanity.
 As early as the 1970s, the concept of "sustainability" was employed to describe an economy "in equilibrium with basic ecological support systems.
" Scientists in many fields have highlighted The Limits to Growth, and economists have presented alternatives, for example a 'steady state economy'; to address concerns over the impacts of expanding human development on the planet.
 The term sustainable development rose to significance after it was used by the Brundtland Commission in its 1987 report Our Common Future.
 In the report, the commission coined what has become the most often-quoted definition of sustainable development: "development that meets the needs of the present without compromising the ability of future generations to meet their own needs.
" The United Nations Millennium Declaration identified principles and treaties on sustainable development, including economic development, social development and environmental protection.
    The United Nations World Commission on Environment and Development (WCED) in its 1987 report Our Common Future defines sustainable development: "Development that meets the needs of the present without compromising the ability of future generations to meet their own needs.
" Under the principles of the United Nations Charter the Millennium Declaration identified principles and treaties on sustainable development, including economic development, social development and environmental protection.
 Broadly defined, sustainable development is a systems approach to growth and development and to manage natural, produced, and social capital for the welfare of their own and future generations.
 The term sustainable development as used by the United Nations incorporates both issues associated with land development and broader issues of human development such as education, public health, and standard of living.
 The concepts of sustainable development and sustainability derive from the older forestry term "sustained yield", which, in turn, is a translation of the German term "nachhaltiger Ertrag" dating from 1713.
 Sustainability science is the study of the concepts of sustainable development and environmental science.
 There is an additional focus on the present generations' responsibility to regenerate, maintain and improve planetary resources for use by future generations.
    The concept of "sustainable development" has its roots in forest management as early as the 12th to 16th centuries.
 However, over the last five decades the concept has significantly broadened.
 The first use of the term sustainable in the contemporary sense was by the Club of Rome in 1972 in its classic report on the "Limits to Growth", written by a group of scientists led by Dennis and Donella Meadows of the Massachusetts Institute of Technology.
 Describing the desirable "state of global equilibrium", the authors used the word "sustainable": "We are searching for a model output that represents a world system that is: (1) sustainable without sudden and uncontrolled collapse and (2) capable of satisfying the basic material requirements of all of its people.
" In 1980, the International Union for the Conservation of Nature published a world conservation strategy that included one of the first references to sustainable development as a global priority.
 In 1982, the United Nations World Charter for Nature raised five principles of conservation by which human conduct affecting nature is to be guided and judged.
 In 1987, the United Nations World Commission on Environment and Development released the report Our Common Future, now commonly named the 'Brundtland Report' after the commission's chairperson, the then Prime Minister of Norway Gro Harlem Brundtland.
 The report included what is now one of the most widely recognised definitions: "Sustainable development is development that meets the needs of the present without compromising the ability of future generations to meet their own needs.
"  The Brundtland Report goes on to say that sustainable development also contains within it two key concepts:  The concept of "needs," in particular, the essential needs of the world's poor, to which overriding priority should be given; and The idea of limitations imposed by the state of technology and social organization on the environment's ability to meet present and future needs.
  In 1992, the UN Conference on Environment and Development published in 1992 the Earth Charter, which outlines the building of a just, sustainable, and peaceful global society in the 21st century.
 The action plan Agenda 21 for sustainable development identified information, integration, and participation as key building blocks to help countries achieve development that recognizes these interdependent pillars.
 It emphasises that in sustainable development everyone is a user and provider of information.
 It stresses the need to change from old sector-centered ways of doing business to new approaches that involve cross-sectoral co-ordination and the integration of environmental and social concerns into all development processes.
 Furthermore, Agenda 21 emphasises that broad public participation in decision making is a fundamental prerequisite for achieving sustainable development.
 The UN Commission on Sustainable Development integrated sustainable development into the UN System.
 Indigenous peoples have argued, through various international forums such as the United Nations Permanent Forum on Indigenous Issues and the Convention on Biological Diversity, that there are four pillars of sustainable development, the fourth being cultural.
 The Universal Declaration on Cultural Diversity from 2001 states: ".
.
.
 cultural diversity is as necessary for humankind as biodiversity is for nature ; it becomes  one of the roots of development understood not simply in terms of economic growth, but also as a means to achieve a more satisfactory intellectual, emotional, moral and spiritual existence".
 The proposed changes were supported by a study in 2013, which concluded that sustainability reporting should be reframed through the lens of four interconnected domains: ecology, economics, politics and culture.
    Different domains have been identified for research and analysis of sustainable development.
 Broadly defined, these include ecology, economics, politics and culture   as used by the United Nations and a number of other international organizations.
    The ecological sustainability of human settlements is part of the relationship between humans and their natural, social and built environments.
 Also termed human ecology, this broadens the focus of sustainable development to include the domain of human health.
 Fundamental human needs such as the availability and quality of air, water, food and shelter are also the ecological foundations for sustainable development; addressing public health risk through investments in ecosystem services can be a powerful and transformative force for sustainable development which, in this sense, extends to all species.
    Sustainable agriculture may be defined as consisting of environmentally-friendly methods of farming that allow the production of crops or livestock without damage to human or natural systems.
 More specifically, it might be said to include preventing adverse effects to soil, water, biodiversity, surrounding or downstream resources as well as to those working or living on the farm or in neighboring areas.
 Furthermore, the concept of sustainable agriculture extends intergenerationally, relating to passing on a conserved or improved natural resource, biotic, and economic base instead of one which has been depleted or polluted.
 Some important elements of sustainable agriculture are permaculture, agroforestry, mixed farming, multiple cropping, and crop rotation.
 Numerous sustainability standards and certification systems have been established in recent years to meet development goals, thus offering consumer choices for sustainable agriculture practices.
 Well-known food standards include organic, Rainforest Alliance, Fair Trade, UTZ Certified, Bird Friendly, and the Common Code for the Coffee Community(4C).
    Sustainable energy is the sustainable provision of energy that is clean and lasts for a long period of time.
 Unlike the fossil fuel that most of the countries are using, renewable energy only produces little or even no pollution.
 The most common types of renewable energy in US are solar and wind energy, solar energy are commonly used on public parking meter, street lights and the roof of buildings.
 On the other hand, wind energy is expanding quickly in recent years, which generated 12,000 MW in 2013.
 The largest wind power station is in Texas and followed up by California.
 Household energy consumption can also be improved in a sustainable way, like using electronics with energy star <https://en.
wikipedia.
org/wiki/Energy_Star> logos, conserving water and energy.
 Most of California s fossil fuel infrastructures are sited in or near low-income communities, and have traditionally suffered the most from California s fossil fuel energy system.
 These communities are historically left out during the decision- making process, and often end up with dirty power plants and other dirty energy projects that poison the air and harm the area.
 These toxins are major contributors to significant health problems in the communities.
 While renewable energy becomes more common, the government begins to shut down some of the fossil fuel infrastructures in order to consume renewable energy and provide a better social equity to the specific community.
    Beyond ecology as the intersection of humans in the environment, environmental sustainability concerns the natural environment and how it endures and remains diverse and productive.
 Since Natural resources are derived from the environment, the state of air, water, and the climate are of particular concern.
 The IPCC Fifth Assessment Report outlines current knowledge about scientific, technical and socio-economic information concerning climate change, and lists options for adaptation and mitigation.
 Environmental sustainability requires society to design activities to meet human needs while preserving the life support systems of the planet.
 This, for example, entails using water sustainably, utilizing renewable energy, and sustainable material supplies (e.
g.
 harvesting wood from forests at a rate that maintains the biomass and biodiversity).
 An "unsustainable situation" occurs when natural capital (the sum total of nature's resources) is used up faster than it can be replenished.
 Sustainability requires that human activity only uses nature's resources at a rate at which they can be replenished naturally.
 Inherently the concept of sustainable development is intertwined with the concept of carrying capacity.
 Theoretically, the long-term result of environmental degradation is the inability to sustain human life.
 Such degradation on a global scale should imply an increase in human death rate until population falls to what the degraded environment can support.
 If the degradation continues beyond a certain tipping point or critical threshold it would lead to eventual extinction for humanity.
   Transportation is a large contributor to greenhouse gases.
 It is said that one-third of all gasses produced are due to transportation.
 Some western countries and United States are making transportation more sustainable in both long-term and short-term implementations.
 One great example of this is the transportation changes done in the city of Freiburg, Germany.
 The city has implemented extensive methods of public transportation, cycling, and walking, along with large areas where cars are not allowed.
 Since many western countries are highly automobile-orientated areas, the main transit that people use is personal vehicles.
 About 80% of their travel involves cars.
 Therefore, California, deep in the automobile-oriented west, is one of the highest greenhouse gases emitters in the country.
 The federal government has to come up with some plans to reduce the total number of vehicle trips in order to lower greenhouse gases emission.
 Such as:   - Larger coverage area in order to provide more mobility and accessibility, use new technology to provide a more reliable and responsive public transportation network, company providing ECO pass to employees.
   -Wider pedestrian pathway, bike share station in commercial downtown, locate parking lot far from the shopping center, limit on street parking, slower traffic lane in downtown area.
   -Increase parking fees/ toll fees, encourage people to drive more fuel efficient vehicles.
 -Social equity problem, poor people usually drive old cars that have low fuel efficiency.
 However, government can use the extra revenue collected from taxes and tolls to improve the public transportation and benefit the poor community.
    It has been suggested that because of rural poverty and overexploitation, environmental resources should be treated as important economic assets, called natural capital.
 Economic development has traditionally required a growth in the gross domestic product.
 This model of unlimited personal and GDP growth may be over.
 Sustainable development may involve improvements in the quality of life for many but may necessitate a decrease in resource consumption.
 According to ecological economist Malte Faber, ecological economics is defined by its focus on nature, justice, and time.
 Issues of intergenerational equity, irreversibility of environmental change, uncertainty of long-term outcomes, and sustainable development guide ecological economic analysis and valuation.
 In 1987 the economist Edward Barbier published the study The Concept of Sustainable Economic Development, where he recognized that goals of environmental conservation and economic development are not conflicting and can be reinforcing each other.
 A World Bank study from 1999 concluded that based on the theory of genuine savings, policymakers have many possible interventions to increase sustainability, in macroeconomics or purely environmental.
 A study from 2001 noted that efficient policies for renewable energy and pollution are compatible with increasing human welfare, eventually reaching a golden-rule steady state.
 The study, Interpreting Sustainability in Economic Terms, found three pillars of sustainable development, interlinkage, intergenerational equity, and dynamic efficiency.
 A meta review in 2002 looked at environmental and economic valuations and found a lack of  sustainability policies .
 A study in 2004 asked if we consume too much.
 A study concluded in 2007 that knowledge, manufactured and human capital(health and education) has not compensated for the degradation of natural capital in many parts of the world.
 It has been suggested that intergenerational equity can be incorporated into a sustainable development and decision making, as has become common in economic valuations of climate economics.
 A meta review in 2009 identified conditions for a strong case to act on climate change, and called for more work to fully account of the relevant economics and how it affects human welfare.
 According to John Baden  the improvement of environment quality depends on the market economy and the existence of legitimate and protected property rights.
  They enable the effective practice of personal responsibility and the development of mechanisms to protect the environment.
 The State can in this context  create conditions which encourage the people to save the environment.
     The most broadly accepted criterion for corporate sustainability constitutes a firm s efficient use of natural capital.
 This eco-efficiency is usually calculated as the economic value added by a firm in relation to its aggregated ecological impact.
 This idea has been popularised by the World Business Council for Sustainable Development (WBCSD) under the following definition: "Eco-efficiency is achieved by the delivery of competitively priced goods and services that satisfy human needs and bring quality of life, while progressively reducing ecological impacts and resource intensity throughout the life-cycle to a level at least in line with the earth s carrying capacity.
" (DeSimone and Popoff, 1997: 47) Similar to the eco-efficiency concept but so far less explored is the second criterion for corporate sustainability.
 Socio-efficiency describes the relation between a firm's value added and its social impact.
 Whereas, it can be assumed that most corporate impacts on the environment are negative (apart from rare exceptions such as the planting of trees) this is not true for social impacts.
 These can be either positive (e.
g.
 corporate giving, creation of employment) or negative (e.
g.
 work accidents, mobbing of employees, human rights abuses).
 Depending on the type of impact socio-efficiency thus either tries to minimize negative social impacts (i.
e.
 accidents per value added) or maximise positive social impacts (i.
e.
 donations per value added) in relation to the value added.
 Both eco-efficiency and socio-efficiency are concerned primarily with increasing economic sustainability.
 In this process they instrumentalize both natural and social capital aiming to benefit from win-win situations.
 However, as Dyllick and Hockerts point out the business case alone will not be sufficient to realise sustainable development.
 They point towards eco-effectiveness, socio-effectiveness, sufficiency, and eco-equity as four criteria that need to be met if sustainable development is to be reached.
   At the present time, sustainable development as well as solidarity or Catholic social teaching can impact reduce the poverty.
 Because over many thousands of years the  stronger  (economically or physically) used to defeat/eliminate the weaker, nowadays, no matter what we call the reason for this decision   within Catholic social teaching, social solidarity, and sustainable development   the stronger helps the weaker.
 This aid may take the form of in-kind or material, refer to the present or the future.
  The Stronger , should offer real help and not, as demonstrated by the frequent experience   strive for the elimination or annihilation of another entity.
 Sustainable development reduce poverty through economic(among other things, a balanced budget), environmental (living conditions) and also social (including equality of income) dimensions.
    In sustainable architecture the recent movements of New Urbanism and New Classical Architecture promote a sustainable approach towards construction, that appreciates and develops smart growth, architectural tradition and classical design.
 This in contrast to modernist and globally uniform architecture, as well as opposing to solitary housing estates and suburban sprawl, with long commuting distances and large ecological footprints.
 Both trends started in the 1980s.
 (It should be noted that sustainable architecture is predominantly relevant to the economics domain while architectural landscaping pertains more to the ecological domain.
)    Working with a different emphasis, some researchers and institutions have pointed out that a fourth dimension should be added to the dimensions of sustainable development, since the triple-bottom-line dimensions of economic, environmental and social do not seem to be enough to reflect the complexity of contemporary society.
 In this context, the Agenda 23 for culture and the United Cities and Local Governments (UCLG) Executive Bureau lead the preparation of the policy statement  Culture: Fourth Pillar of Sustainable Development , passed on 17 November 2010, in the framework of the World Summit of Local and Regional Leaders   3rd World Congress of UCLG, held in Mexico City.
 although some which still argue that economics is primary, and culture and politics should be included in 'the social'.
 This document inaugurates a new perspective and points to the relation between culture and sustainable development through a dual approach: developing a solid cultural policy and advocating a cultural dimension in all public policies.
 The Circles of Sustainability approach distinguishes the four domains of economic, ecological, political and cultural sustainability.
 Other organizations have also supported the idea of a fourth domain of sustainable development.
 The Network of Excellence "Sustainable Development in a Diverse World", sponsored by the European Union, integrates multidisciplinary capacities and interprets cultural diversity as a key element of a new strategy for sustainable development.
 The Fourth Pillar of Sustainable Development Theory has been referenced by executive director of IMI Institute at UNESCO Vito Di Bari in his manifesto of art and architectural movement Neo-Futurism, whose name was inspired by the 1987 United Nations  report Our Common Future.
 The Circles of Sustainability approach used by Metropolis defines the (fourth) cultural domain as practices, discourses, and material expressions, which, over time, express continuities and discontinuities of social meaning.
    A study concluded that social indicators and, therefore, sustainable development indicators, are scientific constructs whose principal objective is to inform public policy-making.
 The International Institute for Sustainable Development has similarly developed a political policy framework, linked to a sustainability index for establishing measurable entities and metrics.
 The framework consists of six core areas, international trade and investment, economic policy, climate change and energy, measurement and assessment, natural resource management, and the role of communication technologies in sustainable development.
 The United Nations Global Compact Cities Programme has defined sustainable political development is a way that broadens the usual definition beyond states and governance.
 The political is defined as the domain of practices and meanings associated with basic issues of social power as they pertain to the organisation, authorisation, legitimation and regulation of a social life held in common.
 This definition is in accord with the view that political change is important for responding to economic, ecological and cultural challenges.
 It also means that the politics of economic change can be addressed.
 They have listed seven subdomains of the domain of politics: Organization and governance Law and justice Communication and critique Representation and negotiation Security and accord Dialogue and reconciliation Ethics and accountability This accords with the Brundtland Commission emphasis on development that is guided by human rights principles (see above).
      The United Nations Conference on Sustainable Development (UNCSD), also known as Rio 2012, Rio+20, or Earth Summit 2012, was the third international conference on sustainable development, which aimed at reconciling the economic and environmental goals of the global community.
 Few nations met the World Wide Fund for Nature's definition of sustainable development criteria established in 2006.
    In 2007 a report for the U.
S.
 Environmental Protection Agency stated:  While much discussion and effort has gone into sustainability indicators, none of the resulting systems clearly tells us whether our society is sustainable.
 At best, they can tell us that we are heading in the wrong direction, or that our current activities are not sustainable.
 More often, they simply draw our attention to the existence of problems, doing little to tell us the origin of those problems and nothing to tell us how to solve them.
  Nevertheless a majority of authors assume that a set of well defined and harmonised indicators is the only way to make sustainability tangible.
 Those indicators are expected to be identified and adjusted through empirical observations (trial and error).
 The most common critiques are related to issues like data quality, comparability, objective function and the necessary resources.
 However a more general criticism is coming from the project management community: How can a sustainable development be achieved at global level if we cannot monitor it in any single project?
 The Cuban-born researcher and entrepreneur Sonia Bueno suggests an alternative approach that is based upon the integral, long-term cost-benefit relationship as a measure and monitoring tool for the sustainability of every project, activity or enterprise.
 Furthermore this concept aims to be a practical guideline towards sustainable development following the principle of conservation and increment of value rather than restricting the consumption of resources.
 Reasonable qualifications of sustainability are seen U.
S.
 Green Building Council s (USGBC) Leadership in Energy and Environmental Design (LEED).
 This design incorporates some ecological, economic, and social elements.
 The goals presented by LEED design goals are sustainable sites, water efficiency, energy and atmospheric emission reduction, material and resources efficiency, and indoor environmental quality.
 Although amount of structures for sustainability development is many, these qualification has become a standard for sustainable building.
    The sustainable development debate is based on the assumption that societies need to manage three types of capital (economic, social, and natural), which may be non-substitutable and whose consumption might be irreversible.
 Daly (1991), for example, points to the fact that natural capital can not necessarily be substituted by economic capital.
 While it is possible that we can find ways to replace some natural resources, it is much more unlikely that they will ever be able to replace eco-system services, such as the protection provided by the ozone layer, or the climate stabilizing function of the Amazonian forest.
 In fact natural capital, social capital and economic capital are often complementarities.
 A further obstacle to substitutability lies also in the multi-functionality of many natural resources.
 Forests, for example, not only provide the raw material for paper (which can be substituted quite easily), but they also maintain biodiversity, regulate water flow, and absorb CO2.
 Another problem of natural and social capital deterioration lies in their partial irreversibility.
 The loss in biodiversity, for example, is often definite.
 The same can be true for cultural diversity.
 For example with globalisation advancing quickly the number of indigenous languages is dropping at alarming rates.
 Moreover, the depletion of natural and social capital may have non-linear consequences.
 Consumption of natural and social capital may have no observable impact until a certain threshold is reached.
 A lake can, for example, absorb nutrients for a long time while actually increasing its productivity.
 However, once a certain level of algae is reached lack of oxygen causes the lake s ecosystem to break down suddenly.
    If the degradation of natural and social capital has such important consequence the question arises why action is not taken more systematically to alleviate it.
 Cohen and Winn (2007) point to four types of market failure as possible explanations: First, while the benefits of natural or social capital depletion can usually be privatized, the costs are often externalized (i.
e.
 they are borne not by the party responsible but by society in general).
 Second, natural capital is often undervalued by society since we are not fully aware of the real cost of the depletion of natural capital.
 Information asymmetry is a third reason often the link between cause and effect is obscured, making it difficult for actors to make informed choices.
 Cohen and Winn close with the realization that contrary to economic theory many firms are not perfect optimizers.
 They postulate that firms often do not optimize resource allocation because they are caught in a "business as usual" mentality.
      White, F; Stallones, L; Last, JM.
 (2013).
 Global Public Health: Ecological Foundations.
 Oxford University Press.
 ISBN 978-0-19-975190-7.
  World Commission on Environment and Development (1987).
 Our Common Future.
 Oxford University Press, ISBN 019282080X.
    This multi-page article lists pharmaceutical drugs alphabetically by name.
 Many drugs have more than one name and, therefore, the same drug may be listed more than once.
 Brand names and generic names are differentiated by the use of capital initials for the former.
 See also the list of the top 200 bestselling branded drugs, ranked by sales.
 Abbreviations are used in the list as follows: INN = International Nonproprietary Name BAN = British Approved Name USAN = United States Adopted Name Two-letter codes for countries List of drugs1 9 | A | B | C | D | E | F | G | H | I | J | K | L | M | N | O | P | Q | R | S | T | U | V | W | X | Y | Z   Z-PAK   zabicipril (INN) zabiciprilat (INN) zabofloxacin (INN) zacopride (INN) Zaditen Zaditor zafirlukast (INN) zafuleptine (INN) Zagam zalcitabine (INN) zaldaride (INN) zaleplon (INN) zalospirone (INN) zalutumumab (INN) zaltidine (INN) zaltoprofen (INN) zamifenacin (INN) Zanaflex zanamivir (INN) zankiren (INN) zanolimumab (USAN) Zanosar (Pharmacia & Upjohn Company) zanoterone (INN) Zantac (Johnson & Johnson) Zantryl zapizolam (INN) zaprinast (INN) Zapzyt (Waltman Pharmaceuticals) zardaverine (INN) Zarontin Zaroxolyn zatebradine (INN) zatosetron (INN) zaurategrast (INN) Zavesca Zaxopam   Zebeta Zefazone Zegerid Zelnorm Zemaira Zemplar Zemuron Zenapax zenarestat (INN) zeniplatin (INN) zepastine (INN) Zephiran Zephrex zeranol (INN) Zerit Zestoretic Zestril Zetacet Zetar Zetia zetidoline (INN) Zetran Zevalin (Biogen Idec)   Ziac Ziagen (GlaxoSmithKline).
 Redirects to abacavir.
 Ziba-Rx zibotentan (USAN) zibrofusidic acid (INN) ziconotide (INN) zicronapine (INN) zidapamide (INN) Zide zidometacin (INN) zidovudine (INN) zifrosilone (INN) Zilactin zilantel (INN) zilascorb (2 H) (INN) zileuton (INN) zilpaterol (INN) zimeldine (INN) zimidoben (INN) Zinacef zinapitant (INN) Zincfrin Zincofax Zincon zindotrine (INN) zindoxifene (INN) Zinecard (Pharmacia & Upjohn Company) zinoconazole (INN) zinostatin stimalamer (INN) zinostatin (INN) zinterol (INN) zinviroxime (INN) Zipan zipeprol (INN) ziprasidone (INN) ziralimumab (INN) Zithromax   zocainone (INN) Zocor zofenopril (INN) zofenoprilat (INN) zoficonazole (INN) Zofran Zoladex (AstraZeneca) zolamine (INN) zolasartan (INN) zolazepam (INN) zoledronic acid (INN) zolenzepine (INN) zoleprodolol (INN) zolertine (INN) Zolicef zolimidine (INN) zolimomab aritox (INN) zoliprofen (INN) zolmitriptan (INN) Zoloft (Pfizer) zoloperone (INN) zolpidem (INN) Zolyse (Alcon) zomebazam (INN) zomepirac (INN) Zometa (Novartis) Zomig Zonalon zonampanel (USAN) Zonegran zoniclezole (INN) zoniporide mesylate (USAN) zonisamide (INN) zopiclone (INN) zopolrestat (INN) Zorbtive zorubicin (INN) zosuquidar (INN) zotarolimus (USAN) Zostrix zosuquidar (USAN) Zosyn (Wyeth) zotepine (INN) Zovia Zovirax zoxazolamine (INN)   zucapsaicin (INN) zuclomifene (INN) zuclopenthixol (INN) Zyban Zyflo zylofuramine (INN) Zyloprim (GlaxoSmithKline) Zymar Zyprexa Zyrtec ZyvoxProuilly is a commune in the Marne department in north-eastern France.
   Communes of the Marne departmentCobalt tetracarbonyl hydride is the organometallic compound with the formula HCo(CO)4.
 It is a yellow liquid that forms a colorless vapor and has an intolerable odor.
 Its main use is as a catalyst in hydroformylation.
    HCo(CO)4 is a trigonal bipyrimidal molecule.
 The hydride ligand occupies one of the axial positions, thus the symmetry of the molecule is C3v.
 The Co-CO and Co-H bond distances were determined by gas-phase electron diffraction to be 1.
764 and 1.
556  , respectively.
 The oxidation state of cobalt in this compound is +1.
 Like some other metal carbonyl hydrides, HCo(CO)4 is acidic, with a pKa of 8.
5.
 HCo(CO)4 melts at -33  C and above that temperature decomposes to Co2(CO)8 and H2.
 It undergoes substitution by tertiary phosphines.
 For example, triphenylphosphine gives HCo(CO)3PPh3 and HCo(CO)2(PPh3)2.
 These derivatives are more stable than HCo(CO)4 and are used industrially.
 These derivatives are generally less acidic than HCo(CO)4.
   Tetracarbonylhydrocobalt was first described by Hieber in the early 1930s.
 It was the second transition metal hydride to be discovered, after H2Fe(CO)4.
 It is prepared by reducing Co2(CO)8 with sodium amalgam or a similar reducing agent followed by acidification.
 Co2(CO)8 + 2 Na   2 NaCo(CO)4 NaCo(CO)4 + H+   HCo(CO)4 + Na+ Since HCo(CO)4 decomposes so readily, it is usually generated in situ by hydrogenation of Co2(CO)8.
 Co2(CO)8 + H2  2 HCo(CO)4 The thermodynamic parameters for the equilibrium reaction were determined by infrared spectroscopy to be  H = 4.
054 kcal mol 1,  S = -3.
067 cal mol 1 K 1.
   Tetracarbonylhydridocobalt was the first transition metal hydride to be used in industry.
 In 1953 evidence was disclosed that it is the active catalyst for the conversion of alkenes, CO, and H2 to aldehydes, a process known as hydroformylation (Oxo Reaction).
 Although the use of cobalt-based hydroformylation has since been largely superseded by rhodium-based catalysts, the world output of C3-C18 aldehydes produced by tetracarbonylhydrocobalt catalysis is about 100,000 tons/year, roughly 2% of the total.
  Julie Otsuka is an award-winning Japanese American author.
 Otsuka is known for her historical fiction novels dealing with Japanese Americans.
   Otsuka was born in 1962, in Palo Alto, California.
 Her father worked as an aerospace engineer, while her mother worked as a lab technician before she gave birth to Otsuka.
 Both of her parents were of Japanese descent, with her father being an issei and her mother being a nisei.
 At the age of nine, her family moved to Palos Verdes, California.
 She has two brothers, one of whom, Michael Otsuka, is currently teaching at the London School of Economics.
 After graduating from high school, Otsuka attended Yale University, and graduated with a Bachelor of Arts degree in 1984.
 She later graduated from Columbia University with a Master of Fine Arts degree in 1999.
 Her debut novel When the Emperor was Divine dealt with Japanese American internment during World War II.
 It was published in 2002 by Alfred A.
 Knopf.
 Her second novel, The Buddha in the Attic (2011), is about Japanese picture brides.
 Otsuka lives in New York City.
    2004 Guggenheim Fellowship 2003 Asian American Literary Award, When the Emperor Was Divine 2003 Alex Award, When the Emperor Was Divine 2011 PEN/Faulkner Award for Fiction, The Buddha in the Attic  2011 National Book Award, finalist, The Buddha in the Attic 2011 Los Angeles Times Book Prize, finalist, The Buddha in the Attic 2011 Langum Prize for American Historical Fiction, The Buddha in the Attic  2011 New York Times and San Francisco Chronicle, bestseller, The Buddha in the Attic 2012 American Academy of Arts and Letters "Arts and Letters Award in Literature"  2012 Prix Femina  tranger, The Buddha in the Attic 2014 Albatros Literaturpreis for Wovon wir tr umten (The Buddha in the Attic) co-won with German translator Katja Scholtz.
   When the Emperor Was Divine.
 New York City: Alfred A.
 Knopf.
 2002.
 ISBN 978-0-385-72181-3.
  The Buddha in the Attic.
 New York City: Alfred A.
 Knopf.
 2011.
 ISBN 978-0-307-74442-5.
  (2013 England: ISBN 978-0-241-95648-9)  Formerly known as Willingdon Hospital, Ram Manohar Lohia Hospital in New Delhi has 984 beds.
 The hospital was originally founded, with only 54 beds, in the early 20th century by the British Raj for their government staff.
 In 1954, in the newly independent India, control of the hospital transferred to the Central Government's Ministry of Health and Family Welfare.
 The hospital is spread over 30 acres (12 ha), with 4 acres (1.
6 ha) of land set aside for its Nurse's Hostel.
 It is one of the most prestigious Central Government hospitals because of its well-positioned location, a seventy-one bed Nursing Home for Central Government Health Scheme beneficiaries, and extensive subspecialty care.
 The hospital also has emergency services and has current plans for the construction of a Doctor's Hostel on its free land.
 In a year hospital provides services to about 1.
2 million patients as OPD cases, admits about 46,000 patients in Indoor and about 150,000 patients are attended in the Emergency.
 Similarly about 10,000 CT scans, 2,000 MRI scans, 200,000 X-Ray cases, 2.
8 million laboratory tests and about 25,000 ultrasound scans are done.
 Hospital conducts about 9,000 Major and 40,000 Minor operations during a year.
   Ram Manohar Lohia Post Graduate Institute of Medical Education and Research (PGIMER) Hospitals in India Rashtrapati Bhavan    The 12 Hours of Reims (official name: 12 Heures internationales de Reims) were a sports car endurance racing series held from 1953 to 1967 at the circuit Reims (Gueux).
 The start of the race was at midnight in "LeMans style" (drivers running across the track) with the cars lined up in order of their fastest practice times.
   12 Heures Internationales - Reims Saturday, June 25, 1967, Circuit Reims (France), 8.
302 km Classes Prototypes: +2000 cc (P+2.
0), 1600 cc (P1.
6), 1300 cc (P1.
3) Classes Sport, Grand Touring: +2000 cc (S+2.
0), 2000 cc (S2.
0), 2000 cc (GT2.
0), 1300 cc (GT1.
3) Pole Position overall:  #4 Lola T70 MK3,  Paul Hawkins, 2:07.
9 - 233.
68 km/h (145.
20 mph) Fastest Lap overall:  #4 Lola T70 MK3,  Paul Hawkins, 2:10.
5 - 229.
02 km/h (142.
30 mph)      Maldivians in Pakistan are mostly students pursuing degrees and courses across various universities and colleges throughout the country.
 According to registrations based with the local embassy and Maldivian government records, their numbers are in the hundreds; in addition, some 200-300 students are in the country unregistered.
 There are an estimated 150 Maldivian students obtaining religious education and instruction in Pakistani Islamic institutions and madrassas.
   In the afterwake of the 2009 International Islamic University bombing in Islamabad, hundreds of Maldivian students studying in different parts of Pakistan were found fearing for their safety.
 Among the eight Maldivian students studying at IIU, two of them were present at the University when the bombs went off.
 A Maldivian student speaking on the occasion remarked that threats against educational institutions had become widespread and she hoped "they won t target us.
" Another said: "Actually now we are used to threats like these .
.
we expect things to go bad but there is nothing that we can do.
" In light of the instability, the Maldivian government has claimed to have received and taken into account intelligence on the country's security situation and concerns for safety of Maldivian nationals.
 In November 2009, the Government of Maldives recommended Maldivian students to return amid fears that the war in Pakistan could spread further and pose a danger to the students.
 In addition, it pledged full cooperation to those who wished to do so.
   Ilyas Hussain Ibrahim    The Irish Medical Journal is a peer-reviewed Irish medical journal founded in 1867.
 It is the official publication of the Irish Medical Organisation and is a continuation of the Journal of the Irish Medical Association.
   ^ "What is IMJ".
 Irish Medical Journal.
 Retrieved 2010-01-14.
  ^ "Irish medical journal.
NLM Catalog Result".
 NCBI.
 Retrieved 2010-01-14.
Bozhidar Vasev (Bulgarian:    , born 14 March 1993 in Pernik) is a Bulgarian football midfielder who currently plays for Botev Plovdiv.
   Vasev signed a contract with Botev Plovdiv in July 2013 and soon after that he was loaded the Rakovski.
 Vasev returned to Botev Plovdiv for season 2014-15 and became part of the first team.
 The manager Velislav Vutsov decided to use him on a new position as a left-back.
   Bozhidar Vasev is son of the football coach Yuri Vasev.
 His brother Andreas Vasev is also a football player.
   On 23 August 2011, Vasev was stabbed in the back by unknown attackers in downtown Sofia.
    Crouse-Hinds Electric Company, a manufacturer of high grade electrical specialties, was established in 1897 in Syracuse, New York.
 They later shortened their name to Crouse-Hinds Company and beginning in the early 1920s specialized in the manufacture of traffic signals, controllers and accessories.
 The company name is still in use today as a subsidiary of Cooper Industries, however, the traffic signal production ended in 1981 after Cooper sold the traffic products division.
 It is now a division under Eaton Corporation.
    In 1897, at age 25, Huntington Beard Crouse from the village of Fayetteville, New York, inherited a large sum of money from his uncle, Huntington Beard, who owned several small companies.
 Crouse teamed up with the older and wiser, Jesse Lorenzo Hinds, 51, whom he met through a relative.
 Hinds was factory superintendent (and former mechanic) of the Electric Engineering and Supply Company of Syracuse.
   Crouse had the capital and Hinds had the electrical know how as well as business and management experience to start their own company.
 They drew up papers and formed a partnership called Crouse-Hinds Electric Company, and went on to become one of the major employers in Syracuse.
 The company was a manufacturer of high grade electrical specialties.
 Their first product offering was a changeable headlight for trolley cars.
 A new plant was constructed in 1911 at the corner of Wolf and 7th North Streets in Syracuse.
    By 1918, the company had shortened their name to Crouse-Hinds Company and produced traffic lights, controllers and accessories.
 The company manufactured the first traffic signal in Syracuse which was installed in 1924 at the corner of James and State Streets.
 Crouse-Hinds produced traffic signals locally for many years, including the famous Tipperary Hill upside down light on the city's Far Westside.
   On December 10, 1980, the Crouse-Hinds Company acquired Belden, a wire and cable manufacturer founded in Chicago in 1902 by Joseph C.
 Belden, in a stock merger, exchanging 1.
24 shares for each share of Belden Corp.
 On April 28, 1981, the newly merged company was acquired by Cooper Industries of Houston, Texas after receiving approval at the Cooper shareholders meeting.
 Not long after, Cooper sold the traffic products division to Traffic Control Technologies of Liverpool, New York, who then sold the division to Peek Traffic Transyt of Tallahassee, Florida.
 In 1982, after Cooper bought out the streetlighting division of Westinghouse Electric Company, the Crouse-Hinds name was applied to the former Westinghouse-branded luminaires, which still continue to use the "OV" prefix today.
 In 1992, Component Products Inc.
 purchased the patterns for Crouse-Hinds cabinets, mountings and bases from Traffic Control Technologies.
    Tua Pek Kong (Chinese:  ; pinyin: D b  G ng, Hakka: Thai phak koong, Hokkien: Tu -peh-kong, Malay: Topekong.
 lit.
 "grand uncle") is one of the pantheon of Malaysian Chinese Gods.
 He is believed to have arrived in Penang 40 years before Francis Light in 1746.
 Tua Pek Kong was a man named Zhang Li ( ) from the Hakka clan.
 His Sumatra-bound boat was struck by wind and accidentally landed on Penang island of Malaysia, which at that time had only 50 inhabitants.
 After his death, the local people began worshipping him and built the Tua Pek Kong temple there.
 Today Tua Pek Kong is worshipped by Malaysian Chinese throughout the country.
 Tua Pek Kong is often mistaken for Tu Di Gong, partially because of their physical similarities.
 Chung Keng Quee was a principal donor to the Haichu-yu (Sea Pearl) Tua Pek Kong Temple (1865 and 1868) in Tanjung Tokong, Penang.
 Another famous temple is the Tua Pek Kong Temple, Sibu with its 7-storey pagoda and has become a landmark for Sibu.
   Tua Pek Kong Temple, Sibu Malaysian Chinese Gods Ancestor worship Superstition of Malaysian Chinese Kusu Island Fengshui Chinese folk religion Chinese mythology  Southern Athabascan (also Apachean, Southern Athabaskan) is a subfamily of Athabaskan languages spoken in the North American Southwest.
 Refer to Southern Athabascan languages for the main article.
   Typologically, Southern Athabaskan languages are mostly fusional, polysynthetic, nominative accusative head-marking languages.
 These languages are argued to be non-configurational languages.
 The canonical word order is SOV, as can be seen in Lipan example below: K nits h  dzi da ts aa h    daaji dii  "The Lipan ate those wild grapes.
" Subject = K nits h  "the Lipan" Object = dzi da ts aa h    "those wild grapes" (dzi da ts aa h  "wild grapes",   "those") Verb = daaji dii  "they ate them" Southern Athabaskan words are modified primarily by prefixes, which is uncommon for SOV languages (suffixes are expected).
 The Southern Athabaskan languages are "verb-heavy"   they have a great ponderance of verbs but relatively few nouns.
 In addition to verbs and nouns, these languages have other elements such as pronouns, clitics of various functions, demonstratives, numerals, adverbs, and conjunctions, among others.
 Harry Hoijer grouped most of the above into a word class which he called particle based on the type of inflection that occurs on the word class.
 This categorization provides three main lexical categories (i.
e.
 parts of speech): verbs nouns/postpositions particles There is nothing that corresponds to what are called adjectives in English.
 Adjectival notions are provided by verbs; however, these adjectival verb stems do form a distinct sub-class of verb stems which co-occur with adjectival prefixes.
   SA nouns are essentially of the following types (with various subtypes): simple nouns compound nouns nouns derived from verbs/verb phrases (deverbal noun) The simple nouns can consist of only a noun stem (which are usually only a single syllable long), such as Chiricahua: ku u  "fire", and Navajo: s  "star".
 Other nouns may consist of a noun plus one or more prefixes, such as Navajo: dib  "sheep" (< di- + -b ; stem: -b ) or of a noun plus an enclitic or suffix, such as Chiricahua: dl  "prairie dog" (< dl - + - ; stem: dl -).
 The added prefixes may be lexical or they may be inflectional prefixes (e.
g.
 personal prefixes indicating possession).
 SA languages do not have many simple nouns, but these nouns are the most ancient part of the lexicon and thus are essential in making comparisons between Athabascan languages.
 Another noun type is a noun compound consisting of more than one noun stem, such as Chiricahua: ku u ba a  "fireside" (< ku u  "fire" + ba a  "edge"), and Navajo: ts s  "glass" (< ts  "rock" + s " star").
 Other kinds of noun compounds are the following: noun stem + postposition noun stem + verb stem noun stem + postposition + noun stem Many other various combinations of elements are possible.
 The most common type of noun is the deverbal noun (i.
e.
, a noun derived from a verb).
 Most of these nouns are formed by adding a nominalizing enclitic, such as Mescalero -  or - , Western Apache -  and Navajo - , to the end of the verb phrase.
 For example, in Mescalero the verb  nt  "he/she bewitches him/her" may become a noun by adding either the enclitic -  (for people) or -  (for things):  nt  "he or she bewitches him or her"  nt  "witch"  nt  "witchcraft" Thus, the word  nt  "witch" literally means "the one who bewitches him or her".
 Another example is from Navajo: n oolki  "clock" (lit.
 "one that is moved slowly in a circle") Many of these nouns may be quite complex, as in Navajo chid  naa na  bee eld htsoh bik  dah naaznil g  "army tank" (lit.
 "a car that they sit up on top of that crawls around with a big thing with which an explosion is made") Other deverbal nouns do not appear with a nominalizing enclitic, as in Navajo Hoozdo "Phoenix, Arizona" (lit.
 "the place is hot") ch tiin "doorway" (lit.
 "something has a path horizontally out") For a comparison with nouns in a Northern Athabascan language, see Carrier: Nouns       Most nouns can be inflected to show possession.
 Simple nouns, compound nouns, and some deverbal nouns are inflected by adding a pronominal prefix to the noun base, as in the following Chiricahua possessed noun paradigm (i.
e.
 noun declension): As seen above, Chiricahua nouns are inflected for number (singular and dual) and person (first, second, third, fourth, and indefinite).
 In the third and indefinite persons, there is only one pronominal prefix bi- and  i- (that is, Chiricahua does not have two different prefixes for the third person singular and the third person dual).
 Additionally, although there is a first person singular shi- and a second person singular ni-, in the plural Chiricahua only has one prefix nahi- for both the first and second persons (that is, nahi- means both first and second person plural).
 A distributive plural prefix daa- may also be added to possessed nouns in front of the pronominal prefixes: The prefix table below shows these relationships: A Navajo pronominal prefix paradigm may be compared with the Chiricahua above: Two other pronominal prefixes include the reciprocal prefix as in Mescalero  i - and Navajo a - "each other's" and the reflexive prefix as in Mescalero  di- and Navajo  di- "one's own".
   Larger possessive phrases can be formed like the following Navajo phrases: As seen above, the possessor occurs before the possessed noun(s).
 Thus, in order to say "John's bread", the 3rd person prefix bi- is added to the possessed noun b h "bread" and the possessor noun John is placed before bib h "his bread".
 Usually, in the first and second persons only a pronominal prefix (shi-, ni-, and nihi-) is added to possessed nouns.
 However, if focusing on the possessor (i.
e.
 a type of emphasis) is needed, an independent personal pronoun may be added to the possessive phrase.
 Thus, we have the following By observing these Navajo possessive phrases, it is evident here that Southern Athabascan languages are head-marking in that the possessive prefix is added to the possessed noun, which is the head of the noun phrase (this is unlike the dependent-marking languages of Europe where possessive affixes are added to the possessor).
   absolute vs.
 possessed vs.
 compound (combining) forms voicing vocalic suffixes   Alienability: Alienable and inalienable possession Possession (linguistics)#Inherent and non-inherent (constantly possessed) associated semantic changes     proclitics enclitics postpositional enclitics     The key element in Southern Athabaskan languages is the verb, and it is notoriously complex.
 Verbs are composed of a stem to which inflectional and/or derivational prefixes are added.
 Every verb must have at least one prefix.
 The prefixes are affixed to the verb in a specified order.
 The Southern Athabaskan verb can be sectioned into different morphological components.
 The verb stem is composed of an abstract root and an often fused suffix.
 The stem together with a classifier prefix (and sometimes other thematic prefixes) make up the verb theme.
 The theme is then combined with derivational prefixes which in turn make up the verb base.
 Finally, inflectional prefixes (which Young & Morgan call "paradigmatic prefixes") are affixed to the base producing a complete verb.
 This is represented schematically in the table below: John Cremony, an Army officer during the 1860s, wrote about the Apache language: "The word tats-an means dead in Apache; but they never employ it when speaking of a dead friend, but say of him that he is yah-ik-tee, which means he is not present- that he is wanting.
 If one goes to an Apache camp and inquires for him during his absence, the visitor is answered that he is yah-ik-tee, or gone elsewhere.
 This usage, when speaking of dead friends, is not so much due to delicacy and regret for their loss as to their superstitious fears of the dead, for they entertain an implicit belief in ghosts and spirits, although I could never trace the causes for their credence.
 In alluding to an animal destroyed in the chase, so soon as the mortal blow is given they exclaim, yah-tats-an, now it is dead; but if it should only be wounded, and rise again, it is said, tats-an-see-dah, it is not dead.
" (Cremony, John Carey.
 1868.
 Life Among the Apaches.
 Page 240.
)   The prefixes that occur on a verb are added in specified order according to prefix type.
 This type of morphology is called a position class template (or slot-and-filler template).
 Below is a table of a recent proposal of the Navajo verb template (Young & Morgan 1987).
 Edward Sapir and Harry Hoijer were the first to propose an analysis of this type.
 A given verb will not have a prefix for every position, in fact most Navajo verbs are not as complex as the template would seem to suggest.
 The Navajo verb has 3 main parts: These parts can be subdivided into 11 positions with some of the positions having even further subdivisions: Although prefixes are generally found in a specific position, some prefixes change order by the process of metathesis.
 For example, in Navajo prefix  a- (3i object pronoun) usually occurs before di-, as in adisb s 'I'm starting to drive some kind of wheeled vehicle along' [ <  a- + di- + sh- +  - + -b s].
 However, when  a- occurs with the prefixes di- and ni-, the  a- metathesizes with di-, leading to an order of di- +  a- + ni-, as in di nisb s 'I'm in the act of driving some vehicle (into something) & getting stuck' [ < di- a-ni-sh- -b s <  a- + di- + ni- + sh- +  - + -b s] instead of the expected adinisb s ( a-di-ni-sh- -b s) (note also that  a- is reduced to  -).
 Metathesis is conditioned by phonological environment (Young & Morgan 1987:39).
   Verb stems have different forms that alternate according to aspect and tense.
 The alternation (ablaut) mostly involves vowels (change in vowel, vowel length, or nasality) and tone, but sometimes includes the suffixation of a final consonant.
 The Chiricahua verb stems below have five different forms that correspond to mode: Each mode can also occur with different aspects, such as momentaneous, continuative, repetitive, semelfactive, etc.
 For example, a stem can be momentaneous imperfective, momentaneous perfective, momentaneous optative, etc.
 The (partial) Navajo verb stem conjugation below illustrates the verb stem - aah/-  "to handle a solid roundish object" with the same mode in different aspects: This same verb stem - aah/-  "to handle a solid round object" has a total of 26 combinations of 5 modes and 6 aspects: Although there are 26 combinations for this verb, there is a high degree of homophony, in that there are only 7 different stem forms (- aah, - h, - aa , - , - a , - , - ).
 To complicate matters, different verbs have different patterns of homophony: some verbs have only 1 stem form that occurs in all mode-aspect combinations, others have 5 forms, etc.
, and not all stems occur in the same mode-aspect combinations.
 Additionally, the different stem forms of different verbs are formed in different ways.
   d-effect     Southern Athabaskan languages have verb stems that classify a particular object by its shape or other physical characteristics in addition to describing the movement or state of the object.
 These are known in Athabaskan linguistics as classificatory verb stems.
 These are usually identified by an acronym label.
 There are 11 primary classificatory "handling" verbs stems in Navajo which are listed below (given in the perfective mode).
 Other Southern Athabaskan languages have a slightly different set of stems.
 To compare with English, Navajo has no single verb that corresponds to the English word give.
 In order to say the equivalent of Give me some hay!
 the Navajo verb n jool (NCM) must be used, while for Give me a cigarette!
 the verb n t h (SSO) must be used.
 The English verb give is expressed by 11 different verbs in Navajo, depending on the characteristics of the given object.
 In addition to defining the physical properties of the object, primary classificatory verb stems also can distinguish between the manner of movement of the object.
 The stems can then be grouped into three different categories:  handling propelling free flight  Handling includes actions such as carrying, lowering, and taking.
 Propelling includes tossing, dropping, and throwing.
 Free flight includes falling, and flying through space.
 Using an example for the SRO category Navajo has  -'   to handle (a round object), -ne'  to throw (a round object), and -l-ts'id  (a round object) moves independently.
  In addition, Southern Athabaskan languages also have other somewhat similar verb stems that Young & Morgan (1987) call secondary classificatory verbs.
 (Note the term classifier is used in Athabaskan linguistics to refer to a prefix that indicates transitivity or acts as a thematic prefix, and as such is somewhat of a misnomer.
 These transitivity classifiers are not involved in the classificatory verb stems' classification of nouns and are not related in any way to the noun classifiers found in Chinese or Thai).
   Like most Athabaskan languages, Southern Athabaskan languages show various levels of animacy in its grammar, with certain nouns taking specific verb forms according to their rank in this animacy hierarchy.
 For instance, Navajo nouns can be ranked by animacy on a continuum from most animate (a human or lightning) to least animate (an abstraction) (Young & Morgan 1987: 65-66): humans/lightning   infants/big animals   med-size animals   small animals   insects   natural forces   inanimate objects/plants   abstractions Generally, the most animate noun in a sentence must occur first while the noun with lesser animacy occurs second.
 If both nouns are equal in animacy, then either noun can occur in the first position.
 So, both example sentences (1) and (2) are correct.
 The yi- prefix on the verb indicates that the 1st noun is the subject and bi- indicates that the 2nd noun is the subject.
 But example sentence (3) sounds wrong to most Navajo speakers because the less animate noun occurs before the more animate noun: In order express this idea, the more animate noun must occur first, as in sentence (4): Note that although sentence (4) is translated into English with a passive verb, in Navajo it is not passive.
 Passive verbs are formed by certain classifier prefixes (i.
e.
 transitivity prefixes) that occur directly before the verb stem in position 9.
   See the Southern Athabaskan languages bibliography for referencesAudiogram is an independent record label founded in Quebec in the 1980s.
 The label represents performers who have contributed to and have marked Quebec's cultural scene.
 In the 1990s, Audiogram became home to many of the top local French artists and in 1993 expanded into the English-speaking Canadian market with Montreal rock group Gogh Van Go.
 By 1997, Audiogram had a full slate of multicultural and multilingual releases.
 The label's present roster of artists includes: Alex Nevsky Amylie Anastasia Friedman Andr  Gagnon Ariane Moffatt Ariel B atrice Bonifassi Belles-Soeurs B a Bran Van 3000 Carla Bruni Damien Robitaille Daniel B langer GRUBB Ian Kelly Isabelle Boulay Jean-Pierre Ferland Jim Corcoran Karkwa Kevin Parent Lhasa de Sela Loco Locass Loud Lary Ajust Mara Tremblay Marc D ry Marc-Andr  Gautier Paul Pich  Peter Peter Phil mon Chante Pierre Flynn Pierre Lapointe Pink Martini Salom  Leclerc Yves Desrosiers Z bulon Other names associated with Audiogram include: Adam Chaki Alain Comeau Alain Lef vre Alex Champigny Beau Dommage Carl Bastien Chango Family Cl ment Jacques Cycle Pop Fredric Gary Comeau Freeworm Gogh Van Go Ily Morgane Jean Leloup JF Lemieux Laurence Jalbert Laurent Garnier Llorca Magneto Magnolia Marie Jo Th rio Marie Mich le Desrosiers Michel Rivard Monica Freire Oc ane Paul Ahmarani Paul Kunigis (earlier known as Jesczse Raz) Richard Seguin Ringo Rinfret Rock et Belles Oreilles Sara Anastasia Senaya Steve Hill The National Parcs The Sound of Sea Animals Tom Poisson Urbain Desbois Vilain Pingouin Yves Duteil Yves Marchand Zachary Richard  Phill Hartsfield (1932   May 20, 2010) was a Southern California sword and knifemaker based in Garden Grove, California who is noted for popularizing the chisel ground blade in the western world.
 Hartsfield's designs have influenced other knifemakers, primarily Ernest Emerson.
   Hartsfield joined the US Navy at 17 and served as a sonar technician.
 After serving 4 years, he was discharged and worked as a television repairman.
 After six months of working for a repairshop, Hartsfield opened his own repairshop at the age of 22 while making knives part-time.
 In 1977, he closed his TV repair business and became a full-time knifemaker.
    Hartsfield's blades are Japanese-influenced, each one was hand ground from A2 tool steel, and differentially edge hardened to RC 60-61 on the Rockwell scale with the remainder of the blade hardened to 58-59 on the scale to allow for flex during the cut.
 This strength protected the life of a Special Forces advisor in El Salvador when a Hartsfield knife stopped a 7.
62x51mm NATO rifle bullet fired by a guerrilla.
 Hartdfield's blades were zero-ground, meaning there is no secondary bevel edge on the knife which allows the knife to cut without parasitic drag.
 The majority of Hartsfield's blades are designed as tools with little to no ornamentation.
 However, Hartsfield makes museum quality pieces, some of which are on display at the Canadian Army Museum at Halifax Citadel as examples of Samurai Swords.
 Hartsfield built a unique hand-driven grinder, the "Lil Cranky," after his electric grinder had a mishap.
 While grinding a blade, a piece of metal embedded in the wheel and caused the wheel to explode.
 After a four-hour surgery and months in recovery, Hartsfield designed his machine and sold them from his shop to other knifemakers.
 Hartsfield's knives are used by the US Navy Seals and the USMC MARSOC teams.
 Hartsfield died on May 20, 2010 at his home in Newport Beach, California after a lengthy battle with brain cancer.
   ^ a b c Steele, David E.
 (1997), "The Hottest Grind of All", Blade Magazine 24(3): 16-18 ^ a b Tieves, Bruce (1998), "Captain Tactical", Blade Magazine 25(1): 41-44 ^ a b Lewis, Jack; Roger Combs (1992).
 Gun Digest Book of Knives.
 Gun Digest.
 ISBN 978-0-87349-129-7.
  ^ a b Pacella, Gerard (2002).
 100 Legendary Knives.
 Krause Publications.
 p.
 126.
 ISBN 0-87349-417-2.
  ^ a b Hartsfield, Phill (1995), "Live Swords", International Shinkendo Newsletter Volume 1, Issue 3.
 ^ Mickadeit, Frank (09/10/2009).
 "Phill, Phil want Marines to be sharp".
 Orange County Register.
 Retrieved 2010-06-21.
   ^ Mickadeit, Frank (2010-05-25).
 "OC's Sharpest Man Gave to Marines".
 Orange County Register.
 Retrieved 2010-06-21.
   Iv n B cher (25 March 1957   2 December 2013) was a Hungarian writer, journalist, playwright and publicist.
 Born in Budapest, B cher wrote as a critic for the Hungarian daily newspaper N pszabads g.
 He also published several volumes of short stories and novellas.
 One of his stories was the inspiration for the television opera Beker tve of Istv n L ng in 1990, directed by Gy rgy Moln r and became a film.
 Iv n B cher died following a serious illness on 2 December 2013, aged 56, at a Budapest hospital.
    Waco Female College was chartered on February 11, 1860, as a consolidation of Waco Female Seminary and Waco Female Academy.
 Although it was under the supervision of the Methodist Church, the college was to be nonsectarian.
 As early as April 1856 the local Baptist preacher noted that "the Methodists are now getting subscriptions to build a Female College and noble efforts are being made.
" It may be that one or both of the two constituent schools named in the charter never actually materialized.
 The college, or the school that was the forerunner of the college, opened in September 1857.
 By the fall of 1858 the school was advertising itself under the name Waco Female College.
 The institution may have gone through a transitional phase under the charter granted on February 16, 1858, of Waco Union Female Institute.
 This possibility is suggested by the word "union" in the name of the institute, and by the fact that a historian of Texas Methodism refers once to the college as "Waco Female Institute.
" The college, or its predecessor, was originally presided over by Franklin C.
 Wilkes, the local Methodist preacher.
 He was succeeded by Rev.
 William McKendree Lambdin, Pinckney Downs, and F.
 P.
 Maddin, who became the school's first permanent president in 1859.
 The college erected a substantial main building in 1859 60 on a square that had been reserved for a female college in the original plat.
 A boarding department was added in 1872, and in 1883 kindergarten and primary departments were added to the preparatory and collegiate departments.
 Enrollment rose from 126 students in 1883 to 202 in 1893.
 The college moved to a new 13 -acre site on the outskirts of Waco, TX about 1892 but closed in 1895 as a result of financial difficulties, probably caused by its recent expansion combined with the panic of 1893.
 Its properties were purchased by Add-Ran Christian University, a forerunner of Texas Christian University.
 The 1860 charter noted that the school was to be conducted under the auspices of the Texas Western Conference of the Methodist Episcopal Church, South.
 In 1869 the institution became an officially designated school of the Central Texas Conference, and by 1876 it was operating under the supervision of the Northwest Texas Conference.
    Kerstin Richter is a fictional character of the German soap opera Verbotene Liebe (Forbidden Love).
 The character was introduced by Julia Haacke on June 5, 1997.
 She remained on recurring basis until August 27, 1997.
 After fourteen years, Haacke returned as Kerstin from August 19, 2011 to August 31, 2011.
 She reappeared again in February 2012 for a few episodes.
 The character also appears in the second tie-in book, "Der Sehnsucht entfliehen", which tells the "lost years" between Jan and Julia, was published in 2012 and is set in late 1997.
 Kerstin is introduced as a friend of Susanne Brandner.
 On her birthday party Kerstin meets Susanne's brother Jan and falls for him on first sight.
 Jan mourns the disappearance of his twin-sister Julia von Anstetten, who he was trying to find for months.
 Giving up hope to find her, Jan starts a relationship with Kerstin.
 But she soon has to realizes that Jan and Julia share more than a sibling bond.
 As Kerstin by mistakes opens a letter for Jan, she's shocked to read that Julia is alive and wants Jan to follow her to Spain, where she's living now.
 Kerstin wants Jan to make up his mind and confronts him with Julia being alive and well.
 Jan wants to visit Julia, but realizes that his love for her is beyond all hope.
 He returns into Kerstin's arms, who is about to start a new life in Paris.
 Jan decides to go with her and start over.
 In Paris, Jan realizes that his love for Julia is stronger and will never go away.
 Feeling that he never can love another woman like he loves his sister, he breaks up with Kerstin.
 After the break up, Kerstin finds out that she's pregnant with Jan's child, but decides to keep this to herself.
 While Jan becomes a priest, Kerstin raises their daughter Leonie all on her own.
 As a seventeen year old Leonie wants to know more about her father and Kerstin isn't willing to give her the answers, Leonie tries to find him and locates Jan on the Spanish island Mallorca.
 She's flying to Jan to finally get answers about his disappearance and is confronted by him not even knowing that he has a daughter.
 Kerstin travels after her daughter and wants to prevent Leonie having a relationship with Jan.
 Seeing him after all those years sets her pain free and Jan realizes how hurt Kerstin must have been over the break up all those years ago.
 As Kerstin wants to leave with Leonie, Jan's mother Clarissa von Anstetten threatens her to allow Jan and Leonie a normal father-daughter relationship, otherwise Kerstin would know what she's capable of.
 Kerstin realizes in the end that Jan has really interest in getting to know Leonie and agrees that she can stay a while with him.
 Kerstin returns a few months later to D sseldorf, where Leonie followed Timo Mendes, Julia's teenaged son, to after he found out the truth about his father's murder.
 Leonie got in a terrible accident and Kerstin is concerned for her.
 She makes arrangements to take her daughter back to Paris, but Leonie wants to stay in D sseldorf with Timo, who finally has become her boyfriend.
 Kerstin tries to support the relationship and offers Timo to visit every time he wants since Paris is only a few hours away.
 But when Kerstin realizes how happy Leonie is in D sseldorf with her new group of friends, she agrees to let her daughter stay.
 Leonie is over the moon and mother and daughter are left on good terms.
  The Edinburgh Declaration was a declaration by the heads of government of the Commonwealth of Nations concerning the organisation's membership criteria.
 Part of the final communiqu  issued at the end of the fifteenth Commonwealth Heads of Government Meeting (CHOGM), the Declaration was an endorsement of the report of the Inter-Governmental Group on Criteria for Commonwealth Membership (IGCCM).
 It was issued on 27 October 1997, in Edinburgh, Scotland.
 The report of the IGCCM consolidated all the membership criteria of the organisation, developed over two-thirds of a century, since the Statute of Westminster 1931, into a single document, beginning the process of codification.
 Primarily, it was decided that the admission of Mozambique, in 1995, was a unique occurrence, in recognition of Mozambique's support for the Commonwealth's policies towards South Africa and Rhodesia during the Apartheid era; any future members would have to have a direct constitutional link with an existing member.
 In addition to this new rule, the former rules were consolidated into a single document.
 These requirements, which remain the same today, are that members must: accept and comply with the Harare principles.
 be fully sovereign states.
 recognise the Queen as the Head of the Commonwealth.
 accept the English language as the means of Commonwealth communication.
 respect the wishes of the general population vis- -vis Commonwealth membership.
 On the advice of Secretary-General Don McKinnon, the 2005 CHOGM, held in Valletta, Malta, decided to re-examine the Edinburgh criteria.
 The Committee on Commonwealth Membership was made responsible, and reported their findings at the 2007 CHOGM, held in Kampala, Uganda.
 The committee's recommendations were endorsed by the Heads of Government as reported in the final CHOGM communiqu  of 2007, numbered paragraphs 87 through 89.
 The new rules re-affirm the centrality of the principles set forth in the Singapore Declaration and subsequent declarations (such as the Harare Declaration), but give additional concrete details on the specific requirements for membership.
 For example, for an applicant to demonstrably comply with the principle of democracy includes the holding of free and fair elections for legislative representatives, and furthermore good governance must include well-trained public servants and transparent public accounts.
 Most of the other membership requirements were similar to those stated in past declarations, except the very first requirement, a "constitutional association" with existing members this was substantially weakened by the committee (by adding the clause "or a substantial relationship with the Commonwealth or a particular group of its members") and was further weakened in the executive CHOGM summary (which instead added an even more general clause "save in exceptional circumstances.
.
.
 should be considered on a case-by-case basis").
  Amboli is a village in Dharwad district in the southwestern state of Karnataka, India.
  Samart n de G erces (in Spanish, San Mart n de Huerces) is a parish of the municipality of Gij n / Xix n, in Asturias, Spain.
 Its population was 313 in 2012.
 Samart n de G erces borders the municipality of Siero in the south and with the districts of Vega and Llavandera in the east.
 Its highest peak is Picu Samart n, 513 mts.
   Cag ezo La Cruz La Ilesia El Mol n de Cag ezo El Monte La Gotera La Marquesa El Monte Pangr n La Torre Santec a La Fayona La Gola Llagos El Xigal Villaverde Colloto El Trechoru  Hettiarachchige Emanuel Aloysius Rodrigo (1931 1997), better known as Prem Jayanth, was a Sri Lankan actor, producer and artist.
 He rose to prominence with starring roles in the popular films Sujatha (1953) and Seda Sulang (1955).
 Jayanth was born in Layards Broadway, Grandpass and attended Joseph s College, Grandpass and St.
 Lucia s College, Kotahena.
 He made his debut as an actor in A.
 D.
 J.
 Mathupala's Carnival (1942).
 Jayanth began his film career with a small role in B.
 A.
 W.
 Jayamanne's Unmathu Wishwasaya (1952).
 His breakthrough came when he was cast in the lead male role on Sujatha (1953) opposite Florida Jayalath; it became a big hit and established Jayanth and Jayalath as major stars.
 They reappeared together in the 1955 film Seda Sulang which was also popular featuring the only songs sung by Lata Mangeshkar for a Sri Lankan film.
 Jayanth had a major role in Warada Kageda in 1953.
 Jayanth subsequently acted in Awishwasaya, Purusha Rathnaya (1959) and Sithaka Mahima (1964) before reuniting with Jaylath in her directorial effort Sweep Ticket (1965).
 In 1967 he portrayed a role in Sarana.
 Jayanth married actress Nanda Leelanayake sometime in the 1960s and had seven children including Jagath Rohan who appeared in the film Sabeetha (1980).
 Jayanth started his company Seven Arts around 1972 and produced such films as Sahanaya (1972), Hondata Hondai (1973), Kawda Raja (1976), Sabeetha (1980), Senasuma (1981) and Mala Giravi (1984).
 He was also active as a designer of film cutouts and was the art director of Wahal Doopatha (1968) and Deviyani Oba Kohida (1977).
    Clara Lucila Campos Marcial (born 16 August 1938 in Lima), is a Peruvian singer known as "la Morena Espect culo" and "Reina de las Polladas".
   Toro Mata (Virrey, 1973) Per  Negro: Gran Premio del Festival Hispanoamericano de la Danza y la Canci n (Virrey, 1973) La Jarana es con Lucila Campos (Virrey, 1974) Conjunto Per  Negro: Son de los Diablos (Virrey, 1974) Ritmo Negro: Con el conjunto de chocolate y su Eleggua (Virrey, 1975)   Que Tal.
.
.
 Trio !
!
!
 (Iempsa, 1980) Valseando Festejos (Iempsa, 1981) Seguimos Valseando Festejos (Iempsa, 1982) El Sabor de Lucila Campos (Iempsa, 1984) Quimba, Lisura y Sabor (Virrey, 1985) Sabor.
.
.
y m s Sabor (Virrey, 1988)  HMS Talent is the sixth of seven Trafalgar-class nuclear submarines of the Royal Navy, and was built at Barrow-in-Furness.
 Talent was launched by The Princess Royal in April 1988 and commissioned in May 1990.
 She was the last submarine to be launched down a slipway.
.
 The boat is affiliated with Shrewsbury in Shropshire.
 Talent is the third submarine of the Royal Navy to bear the name.
 The first was the World War II Talent, a T-class submarine transferred to the Royal Netherlands Navy as RNLMS Zwaardvisch in 1943.
 Talent is scheduled to be decommissioned in 2021 and will be replaced by one of the new Astute-class submarines.
   Talent undertook a refit at her base port in HMNB Devonport and in March 2007 rejoined the active fleet, following a  386 million upgrade.
 She has been given a new reactor core and has been equipped with a new sonar suite, Sonar 2076.
 Sonar 2076 has the power equivalent to approximately 400 PCs and can precisely track the movement of small objects from hundreds of miles away.
 The Royal Navy describe Sonar 2076 as the most advanced sonar in service with any navy in the world.
 She has also been given the ability to fire Tomahawk cruise missiles.
 On 6 August 2013, she returned to Plymouth after a 3 month deployment.
 In October 2013, she conducted an anti-submarine exercise with HMS Dragon (D35), USS Gravely (DDG-107), USS Stout (DDG-55) and USS Barry (DDG-52).
   Notes  References  Signs of the Times is a monthly magazine originally published by Pacific Press, a Seventh-day Adventist publishing house.
 Signs presents articles that are considered to be helpful in assisting readers to live in modern society.
 The magazine focuses on life's-style issues, health articles and Christian devotional and other religious articles.
 From its historical roots, the magazine emphasizes the second coming of Christ to this earth and living such lives so as to be able to meet Jesus at His second coming.
 Signs of the Times' library reference number is OCLC 10930013.
 The editor of the American edition is Marvin Moore.
 Signs is also available as an Australian version also known as Signs of the Times published by Signs Publishing Company.
 The Australian editor is Lee Dunstan.
 In South Africa the Southern Publishing Association published a South African edition until 1990.
 From 1990 - 2012, Dr Eric Webster served as manager/editor of "Signs", publishing the magazine on behalf of the Southern African Union Conference of Seventh-day Adventists (SAU).
 Webster retired at the end of 2012.
 Dr Gerald du Preez now serves as editor, with the management and publishing of "Signs", South African edition, directly under the Communication Department of the SAU.
 Signs is published on a bi-monthly basis in South Africa.
 All three publications collaborate on articles, layout and editorial policy.
   Signs of the Times was first published on June 4, 1874 by James White as a weekly newspaper, making it one of the longest running, continuously published, religious subscription magazines.
 (A Millerite magazine of the same name had been published earlier).
 Signs was significant in the founding of Pacific Press.
 Until April 1984 another magazine These Times was published for distribution east of the Mississippi River while Signs was distributed west of the Mississippi River.
 The current magazine is a merger of These Times with Signs as of that date.
 In 2007, Signs changed format to a smaller size and more pages with the change being effected in South Africa in the latter part of 2013.
   Signs of the Times (Australian magazine) El Centinela (Adventist magazine) List of Seventh-day Adventist periodicals Pacific Press Publishing Association Seventh-day Adventist Church Signs of the Times Publishing Association(Taiwan)  Riddle's Station was a stage stand on the old Butterfield Overland Mail route in Indian Territory.
 It was located on the west side of the Forche Maline in what is now Latimer County.
 The station was named for Captain John Riddle, the operator.
 Riddle was a mixed-blood Choctaw and a prominent member of the Nation.
 He served many terms on the Choctaw Council.
 In 1858, the Council granted Riddle the right to build a bridge and tollbooth across the Forche Maline near his station.
 Riddle's Station was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1972.
     Shirk, George H.
 Oklahoma Place Names.
 Norman: University of Oklahoma Press, 1987: ISBN 0-8061-2028-2 .
 Wright, Murial H.
; George H.
 Shirk; Kenny A.
 Franks.
 Mark of Heritage.
 Oklahoma City: Oklahoma Historical Society, 1976.
 Wright, Muriel H.
 "The Butterfield Overland Mail One Hundred Years Ago", Chronicles of Oklahoma 35:1 (January 1957) 55-71 (accessed August 23, 2006).
Zgornja Lu a (pronounced [ z o nja  lu a]; German: Oberluscha) is a settlement in the Municipality of  kofja Loka in the Upper Carniola region of Slovenia.
    The 1976 Winston 500 was a NASCAR Winston Cup Series race that took place on May 2, 1976, at Alabama International Motor Speedway (now Talladega Superspeedway) in Talladega, Alabama.
 By 1980, NASCAR had completely stopped tracking the year model of all the vehicles and most teams did not take stock cars to the track under their own power anymore.
   Dave Marcis won the pole position for the race with a lap of 189.
197 miles per hour (304.
483 km/h).
 40 cars started the race.
 Buddy Baker defeated Cale Yarborough by 35 seconds, in an average speed of 167.
887 miles per hour (270.
188 km/h).
 His record of winning three races in a row at Talladega would not be broken until 2002 when Dale Earnhardt, Jr.
 recorded his fourth consecutive victory at that track.
 There were 24 different leaders and three cautions for 14 laps.
 Attendance was 80,000.
 The other top ten finishers were Bobby Allison, Richard Petty, Terry Ryan, Cecil Gordon, Donnie Allison, Bruce Hill, Dave Marcis and Frank Warren.
 Baker had qualified 12th, and two days before the race Bud Moore's team transported the engine for the team's 1976 Ford Torino back to their shop in Spartanburg, SC for examination.
 The engine was brought back to Talladega the day before the race.
 Through his second-place finish, Yarborough managed to take the lead in championship points over Benny Parsons; who finished in 26th place during this event.
 Parsons was eliminated when Dick Brooks spun out of the lead group and was hit by David Pearson, Marcis, and Parsons.
 Petty finished fourth after losing a lap when he stalled out his car on pit road.
 Prize winnings for this race varied from $25,285 for the winner ($104,792.
28 when considering inflation) all the way to $1,205 for last-place finisher Darrell Bryant ($4,994.
06 when considering inflation).
    Whitby Seafoods is a private British company specialising in frozen seafood coated in batter and breadcrumbs that was founded in 1985.
 It employs 140 people in the North Yorkshire fishing port of Whitby.
 The business processes up to 3,000 tonnes each year and realises an annual turnover of  15 million across the UK in both food service and retail sectors.
 Whitby Seafoods' business is predominantly business to business sales, specifically to catering establishments.
 Whitby s economy is based on fishing and the tourist trade, and located at the mouth of the river Esk, it is well suited for shipping to other areas in Europe.
 Nipmark Ltd began trading as The Whitby Shellfish Company in 1963.
 The assets were acquired by Graham Whittle in 1985, creating Whitby Seafoods Ltd.
 The company moved to a 40,000 sq ft (3,700 m2) factory on the outskirts of Whitby, and in 2007 acquired Kilkeel, Northern Ireland based Middleton Seafoods.
 The South North Sea scampi fisheries have entered assessment against the Marine Stewardship Council (MSC) standard, which will later allow Whitby Scampi to display the MSC eco-friendly badge.
    Barfotavisan is a summertime song written by Mats Paulson, and recorded by him on the1974 album Barfota.
 It also charted at Svensktoppen for six weeks between 15 December 1974-19 January 1975, peaking at eight position Mats Paulson said the lyrics were inspired by the song "Bl sippor" (with the lines "Nu f r vi g  utan strumpor och skor").
  The Society of Friends of Russian Freedom was a group of British and American politicians, public figures and reformers, who supported the Russian opposition movement, broadly defined, at the end of the 19th and the beginning of the 20th century.
   The English Society of Friends of Russian Freedom was founded in April 1890.
 In 1892, the executive committee of the society included William Pollard Byles, Leonard Trelawny Hobhouse, Mrs.
 Edwin Human, Mrs.
 Oharies Mallet, Mrs.
 Marjory Pease and Edward R.
 Pease, G.
H.
 Perris, J Allonson Ploton, Herbert Rix, George Standring, Adolphs Smith, Robert Spence Watson, Ethel Lilian Voynich and Wilfrid Voynich, and William W.
 Mackenzie.
 From 1890 to 1914 Society published Free Russia, a monthly newspaper edited by Sergei Stepniak and later Felix Volkhovsky.
     American branch of the Society was founded in April 1891 in Boston at Russian  migr  Stepniak-Kravchinskii instigation.
 The Society formed by the local old-time reformers and former abolitionists and also their children, who were active in various social movements.
 The most notable persons of the SAFRF were Thomas Wentworth Higginson, Julia Ward Howe, Mark Twain, John Greenleaf Whittier and James Russell Lowell.
 Besides them, the Society received enthusiastic response from Francis Jackson Garrison, the son of the famous abolitionist William Lloyd Garrison and the author and activist from Valley Falls, Lillie Wyman.
 According to F.
F.
 Travis they advised Stepniak  on how to proceed  the Society and introduced him in the circle of Bostonian reformers.
 Higginson, Howe, Wyman, Francis Garrison and Stepniak drafted the appeal of the SAFRF    To the Friends of Russian Freedom , which was issued on 14 April 1891.
 The appeal signed 37 prominent Americans.
 From July 1891 till July 1894 the SAFRF published the monthly magazine  Free Russia .
   The total number of the members of the SAFRF was 164 in 1891 and 142 in 1892.
 The most active members of the SAFRF were Francis Garrison as the treasury, Edmund Noble as the secretary and editor of  Free Russia , and Lazar  Goldenberg as publisher of the magazine.
 The circulation of the periodical did not exceed 3000 copies.
 The SAFRF could not attain the public opinion to the  Russian cause  and in May 1894 the executive committee decided to suspend the American edition  Free Russia .
   In 1903 the suffragist activist Alice Stone Blackwell reorganized the SAFRF.
 An Indiana politician William Dudley Foulke became president.
 The society organized the propagandist campaign of the Russian  migr  Breshko-Breskovskaia in 1904-1905 in the USA.
   Foglesong D.
S.
 The American Mission and the  Evil Empire : The Crusade for a  Free Russia  since 1881.
 - N.
Y.
: Cambridge University Press, 2007.
 Travis F.
F.
 George Kennan and the American-Russian Relationships, 1865-1924.
 - Athens: Ohio University Press.
 1990.
 Foglesong D.
S.
 The Origins of the First American Crusade for a "Free Russia", Rossija XXI.
 - 2002.
 -   5.
 -  .
 100-133.
 Free Russia journal at Archive.
orgThe Selknam Genocide was the genocide of the Selk'nam people, indigenous inhabitants of Tierra del Fuego in South America, from the second half of the 19th to the early 20th century.
 Spanning a period of between ten and fifteen years the Selk'nam, which had an estimated population of some three thousand saw their numbers reduced to 500.
    The Selk'nam people, also known as the 'Ona, were an indigenous people who inhabited the northeastern part of the archipelago of Tierra del Fuego for thousands of years before Europeans arrived.
 They were nomads known as "foot-people," as they did their hunting on land, rather than being seafarers.
 The last full-blooded Selk'nam,  ngela Loij, died in 1974.
 They were one of the last aboriginal groups in South America to be reached by Europeans.
 Their language, believed to be part of the Chonan family, is considered extinct as the last speakers died in the 1980s.
 The Selk'nam had lived for thousands of years of semi-nomadic life in Isla Grande de Tierra del Fuego (literally, "big island of land of fire;" its name was based on early Spanish explorers' observations of smoke from Selk'nam bonfires.
) They lived in the northeast, with the Haush people to their east on the Mitre Peninsula, and the Yaghan people to the west and south, in the central part of the main island and throughout southern islands of the archipelago.
 In the 1880s, British introduced sheep ranches to the large open areas of Tierra del Fuego.
 Numerous British immigrants arrived to work in the new industry, the descendants of some of whom today remain in the Falkland Islands.
 The ranches created strong conflicts with the Selk'nam natives, who had traditionally hunted this territory and considered the sheep game.
 The Europeans colonized and launched a plan of extermination against them in defense of supposed "property rights.
" The large ranchers tried to run off the Selk'nam, then began a campaign of extermination against them, with the compliance of the Argentine and Chilean governments.
 Large companies paid sheep farmers or militia one pound sterling per Selk'nam dead, which was confirmed by the redemption of a pair of hands or ears, or later a complete skull.
 Repression against the Selk'nam persisted into the early twentieth century.
 Chile moved some Selk'nam to Dawson Island, confining them in an internment or concentration camp.
 Argentina finally allowed Salesian missionaries to aid the Selk'nam and attempt to assimilate them, but their culture and people were largely destroyed.
 According to the 2010 United Nations Educational, Scientific and Cultural Organization (UNESCO) Atlas of the World's Languages in Danger, the Ona language is extinct, as the last speakers died in the 1980s.
   Julius Popper Tierra del Fuego Gold Rush Fuegians       Luis Alberto Borrero, Los Selk'nam (Onas), Galerna, Buenos Aires 2007.
 Lucas Bridges, Uttermost Part of the Earth, London 1948.
  Himshikhar English Boarding School is a private boarding school located at Kalanki, Kathmandu, Nepal.
   List of schools in Nepal School Leaving Certificate (Nepal)  A spill of the leadership of the Liberal Party of Australia took place on 29 November 2007, following the defeat of the Howard Government at the federal election five days earlier.
 The resulting ballot was an open race as former Prime Minister John Howard had lost his own seat at the election, and his preferred successor Peter Costello refused to stand.
 An election for the deputy leadership of the party was held, as under Liberal Party rules, all leadership positions are declared vacant after a general election, no matter what the outcome.
   John Howard announced his resignation on election night after the coalition's defeat in the 2007 federal election, including the loss of his own seat of Bennelong.
 He had led the party since 1995 and been Prime Minister since the 1996 election.
 The deputy leader and outgoing treasurer Peter Costello had for a long time been publicly heralded as the natural successor to John Howard, and was confirmed as such by Howard on 12 September.
 However, on 25 November, Costello announced he would not be a candidate for either leader or deputy leader of the party in opposition, saying that it was time for the party to move to the next generation, and that he himself intended to leave Parliament during the current term.
   Peter Costello announced on 27 November that the leadership and deputy leadership would be decided at a meeting held at midday on 29 November.
 All Liberal MPs and Senators were invited to attend, including those whose seats had yet to be decided, with the federal director deciding who would be eligible to vote based on the most up-to-date election results.
 Due to this, questions within the party were raised over the rules and legitimacy of the ballot.
 The loss of John Howard in Bennelong meant that the election of a new leader had to be held much closer to the election than would normally occur.
   Outgoing Defence Minister Brendan Nelson and outgoing Minister for the Environment and Water Resources Malcolm Turnbull indicated they would run for the party leadership.
 Outgoing Minister for Health and Ageing Tony Abbott also initially indicated his intention to stand for leader, but on 28 November, one day before the leadership election, he announced that he would no longer be a candidate.
 Abbott said that he did not have enough support among the remaining Liberal MPs.
 Prominent outgoing ministers such as Alexander Downer and Joe Hockey ruled themselves out of the election.
 Outgoing Minister for Education, Science and Training Julie Bishop, Minister for Ageing Christopher Pyne and Minister for Vocational and Further Education Andrew Robb indicated they would run for the deputy leadership.
   Malcolm Turnbull was the first candidate to announce his intention to lead the party and was said to have the largest support from Liberal MPs going into the ballot.
 Turnbull and Abbott proposed that the party should drop its support for the WorkChoices legislation following their defeat in the federal election.
 However Nelson said he would not support undoing WorkChoices.
   Brendan Nelson won the ballot for leader against Malcolm Turnbull, by 45 votes to 42.
 Julie Bishop was elected deputy leader with 44 votes, against 25 for Andrew Robb and 18 for Christopher Pyne.
       Liberal Party of Australia leadership spill, 2008 Liberal Party of Australia leadership spill, 2009  Needleton is an unincorporated community in San Juan County, Colorado, United States.
 Its elevation is 8,277 feet (2,523 m).
 Needleton was a station on the old Denver and Rio Grande Western railroad.
 The Needleton post office opened in May 1882, and closed in January 1919.
 The Needleton station was washed away in the flood of 1927.
 Needleton is now a flag stop on the Durango & Silverton Narrow Gauge Railroad.
 Just north of the flag stop is one of the last of two remaining wooden water tanks on the Durango and Silverton.
 Needleton is a popular trailhead for hiking into the Needle Mountains.
 The most popular hike is to Chicago Basin.
    The desert grass spider (Agelenopsis aperta) is a species of spider belonging to the family Agelenidae.
 It is found in dry regions across the southern United States and into Mexico.
 This long-legged spider is rather similar to its congeners but the overall colour is grey rather than the more usual brown.
 The body length (excluding legs) is up to 19 mm, the female averaging slightly larger (otherwise the sexes are similar).
 The pale grey carapace is marked with two prominent dark stripes.
 The abdomen is darker grey with two narrow pale stripes.
 The web is a non-sticky sheet on the ground: any insect landing on this causes A.
 aperta to rush out from a tubular retreat to try to seize the prey.
 Eggs are laid in the autumn, after which the females die.
   Preston-Mafham, Ken (1998).
 Spiders: Compact Study Guide and Identifier.
 Angus Books.
 ISBN 978-1-904594-93-2.
The 1967-68 Indiana Pacers season was Indiana's first season in the ABA.
               The Pacers lost to the Pittsburgh Pipers in the Division Semifinals of the 1968 ABA Playoffs.
  Jemima (also written Jemimah, Hebrew:  , Yemimah) was the oldest of the three beautiful daughters of Job, named in the Bible as given to him in the later part of his life, after God made Job prosperous again.
 Jemima's younger sisters are named as Keziah and Keren-Happuch.
 Job's sons, in contrast, are not named.
 Jemima, along with her sisters, was described as more beautiful than all the other women in the land.
 Also, unusually and in common with her sisters, Jemima was granted an inheritance by her father, with her brothers as might have been expected.
 (Job 42-15) Apart from these brief references at the end of the Book of Job, Jemima is not mentioned elsewhere in the Bible.
 The name Jemima in Hebrew literally means "warm", i.
e.
 affectionate and hence it is taken to mean dove, which in Hebrew is also derived from the word for warmth.
 In Job 42:14 (ESV): "And he called the name of the first daughter Jemimah, and the name of the second Keziah, and the name of the third Keren-happuch"   The Christian theologian John Gill notes that Jemima may mean either "day" or "dove", the latter by association with the Arabic word   yam mah.
 Noting that there is a land in Arabia with the name al-Yamama, which had a queen called Zarq  al-Yam mah, he conjectures that the Biblical Jemima may be connected with the Yamamah of Arabic folklore.
  "Confess" is a popular song written by Bennie Benjamin and George David Weiss.
 The song figures in the early careers of two important female singers: In 1947, Doris Day was making a transition from a Big band singer, most recently with Les Brown, to a solo vocalist.
 Her first major record away from the band was a duet with Buddy Clark, with this song on one side and "Love Somebody" on the other.
 The record became a two-sided hit, the first two of a string of hits for Day that made her one of the top female singers in popular music.
 About the same time, Mercury Records was planning to record the song as a vehicle for Frankie Laine.
 They were persuaded instead to give the song to a young female singer, who had not, at the time, a single hit: Patti Page.
 Page's manager, Jack Rael, succeeded in getting Mercury to let her record the song, but because of a low budget, a second singer could not be hired, so Rael suggested that Page sing the second part as well.
 The novelty of her doing two voices on one record probably contributed to the song becoming a top 20 hit for her.
 This became not only the first of many hits for Patti Page, but the first song on which a singer did more than one track.
 For Patti Page, multi-tracking became a trademark of her style, while others, such as Les Paul and Mary Ford, as well as Jane Turzy, took up this practice too.
 The Day/Clark recording was recorded on November 21, 1947, and issued by Columbia Records as catalog number 38174, and first reached the Billboard chart on June 26, 1948, lasting 11 weeks and peaking at #16 on the chart.
 The Page recording was recorded on December 3, 1947, and released by Mercury Records as catalog number 5129, with the flip side  Twelve O'Clock Flight  (also later as catalog number 5511), and first reached the Billboard chart on July 2, 1948, lasting 10 weeks and peaking at #12.
   Nat King Cole and the King Cole Trio, recorded on November 6, 1947, and released by Capitol Records as catalog number ETB-391 Jimmy Dorsey and his orchestra (released by MGM Records as catalog number 10194, with the flip side  If I Were You ) The Four Tunes (released by Manor Records as catalog number 1131, with the flip side  Don't Know ) Tony Martin (recorded on November 20, 1947, released by RCA Victor Records as catalog number 20-2812, with the flip side  Bride and Groom Polka ) The Mills Brothers (recorded on December 23, 1947, released by Decca Records as catalog number 24409, with the flip side  Someone Cares ) Jimmy Valentine orchestra (vocal: Barbara Brown) (released by Varsity Records as catalog number 106, with the flip side  Twelfth Street Rag )   ^ a b Columbia Records in the 38000 to 38499 series ^ Patti Page biography on NNDB ^ a b Whitburn, Joel (1973).
 Top Pop Records 1940-1955.
 Record Research.
  ^ Mercury Records in the 5000 to 5497 series ^ Mercury Records in the 5500 to 5912 series ^ MGM Records in the 10000 to 10499 series ^ Manor Records listing ^ RCA Victor Records in the 20-2500 to 20-2999 series ^ Decca Records in the 24000 to 24499 series ^ Varsity Records listingThe 2007 Russian football season, saw CSKA Moscow competed in the Russian Premier League, Russian Super Cup, Russian Cup, the UEFA Cup and the UEFA Champions League.
 CSKA were defending Premier League champions but could not successfully defend it, finishing 3rd.
 They also failed to defend their 2005/06 Cup crown, getting knocked out at the Sixth Round stage by Krylia Sovetov during the 2006/07 Cup.
 They did however win all their games from the 2007/08 cup that were played in 2007, progressing to the Semi-finals by the end of the 2007 season.
 CSKA did however retain their Russian Super Cup.
 After being eliminated to the UEFA Cup during the 2006/07 European campaign, they were knocked out by Maccabi Haifa at the Round of 32.
 CSKA qualified directly for the group stage of the 2007 08 UEFA Champions League, however they did not make it out of the group, after being drawn with Inter Milan, Fenerbah e and PSV Eindhoven, finishing bottom of the group with 1 point.
   Squad at end of season Note: Flags indicate national team as defined under FIFA eligibility rules.
 Players may hold more than one non-FIFA nationality.
   Note: Flags indicate national team as defined under FIFA eligibility rules.
 Players may hold more than one non-FIFA nationality.
                 Source: RFPL Rules for classification: 1st points; 2nd matches won; 3rd goal difference; 4th head-to-head (points, matches won, goal difference, goals scored, away goals scored); 5th goals scored; 6th away goals scored; 7th drawing of lots1Qualified as the winner of Russian Cup 2007-08.
(C) = Champion; (R) = Relegated; (P) = Promoted; (E) = Eliminated; (O) = Play-off winner; (A) = Advances to a further round.
 Only applicable when the season is not finished:(Q) = Qualified to the phase of tournament indicated; (TQ) = Qualified to tournament, but not yet to the particular phase indicated; (RQ) = Qualified to the relegation tournament indicated; (DQ) = Disqualified from tournament.
        Round 16 took place during the 2008 season.
                  Kerberos Panzer Cop, also known as Kerberos Panzer Cops literally "Dog-Wolf Legend: Hellhound Armoured Cop" ( , Kenrou Densetsu), is a 1988 to 2000 Kerberos saga manga written by Mamoru Oshii and illustrated by Kamui Fujiwara (Studio 2B) with mechanical design by Yutaka Izubuchi.
 This comic series tales events prior to those portrayed in Oshii's 1987 live-action feature film The Red Spectacles.
 In 1991, Mamoru Oshii directed the movie StrayDog: Kerberos Panzer Cops which is based on the first volume of Kerberos Panzer Cop.
 The complete comic series was loosely adapted for the screen in the 1999 animated feature Jin-Roh directed by Hiroyuki Okiura and written by Mamoru Oshii.
 Part One (Act 1~4) of Kerberos Panzer Cop was published in various Japanese comic magazines from 1988 to 1990, it was later completed with Part Two (Act 5~8) published in Monthly Sh nen Ace from 1999 to 2000.
 Translated versions of the complete series were issued in South Korea, Hong Kong, Macau, Malaysia and Taiwan in the early 2000s.
 A sequel named Kerberos Saga: Rainy Dogs was serialized in Ace Tokunoh from 2003 to 2005, then published as an extended single volume in 2005.
 An English language adaptation of the first four acts was published under the title Hellhounds: Panzer Cops in 1994 by Dark Horse Comics.
 The American translators from Studio Protheus, Alan Gleason and Toren Smith, randomly used the alternative titles Hellhounds (Cerberos -sic-: Panzer Cop) and Hellhounds.
 This adaptation was later issued in the United Kingdom by Diamond Comic Distributors in 1998, and a translated version was published in the German magazine Manga Power in 1996.
 On April 2010, as a twentieth anniversary of the Original Edition (1990 volume compilation), Gakken publisher will issue Kerberos Panzer Cop a Revision : 20th edition, a planned revised version (Act 1~8) with corrected scenes and "digitally refine" graphics by Kamui Fujiwara.
 A 16 pages extra Act Kerberos Panzer Cop: Special Issue ( - , zenya - keruberosu souran ibun) was prepublished in Kerberos Panzer Cops: Tokyo War, the Kerberos Saga's definitive guide.
    Kerberos Panzer Cop is more of an anthology of vignettes depicting "incidents", eight acts, all of which contribute to the tale of the closing battles between Antigovernment urban guerrilla organizations, such as The Sect, and the Metropolitan Police's (M.
P.
) Special Armed Garrison nicknamed ""Kerberos" ( , Keruberosu)", the Greek word for the mythological "Cerberus" hellhound.
 The manga ends with the fall of the M.
P.
's Special Armed Garrison to the JGSDF's special force "Molosser" during a failed coup d' tat in Tokyo.
 The putschs failing is due to a complex political conspiracy and a harsh struggle for command between rival police administrations.
 This Kerberos Saga key event is called "Kerberos Riot" ( , keruberosu s ran).
 Though, three Special Armed Garrison veterans escape, Koichi Todome, Midori Washio and Souichiro Toribe (a.
k.
a.
 the Devil's Trio).
   Prologue ( , Puror gu) During the era of high economic growth, the Metropolitan Police (Shutokei in Japanese, a.
k.
a.
 "Capital Police" or "CAPO" in the English adaptation) was born to battle against the anti-government military forces.
 Especially the conflict between the Special Armed Garrison of the M.
P.
 called "Tokki-tai" was extraordinarily violent.
 This coloured introductive chapter provides a historical, political and social background of the post-World War II parallel universe Japan.
 Therefore the building of the Tokyo Tower (1957~1958) as well as the communist students and activists-led (Zengakuren) anti Japan-US Security Treaty protests in front of the National Diet Building (1960) - replaced by fictitious anti Weimar Establishment movement - were both removed from the English adaptation.
 The Prologue was replaced by a single page synopsis without any illustration nor actual reference to Japan (known as "the country") and its military occupation (1945~1952) by Germany (replacing the United States).
 William Shakespeare's Julius Caesar quote "Cry 'Havoc!
', and let slip the dogs of war" was kept though.
 However, the Prologue was included in Jin-Roh's opening and it was later detailed in Mamoru Oshii's animated feature Tachiguishi-Retsuden.
 Act 1: The Forsaken Dog ( , Suteinu) The opening chapter concerns a new recruit of the Metropolitan Police, Toru Inui, who first fails to kill a suicide bomber in the sewer system and later fails to apprehend a suspicious wounded man in the company of an innocent woman escaping from a manhole.
 The wounded man is shot by M.
P.
 snipers and is revealed to be an armed terrorist.
 Inui is reassigned to training and his superiors not only wonder why he failed to shoot, but why he transferred into the unit ("perhaps because of the smell of his own kind", one of many stray dog references in the series).
 He is sent back into the field and while covering the rear of the patrol, comes across the same woman and another injured man.
 Before he realizes what is going on, the seemingly innocent woman reveals herself to be a terrorist and shoots Inui dead.
 This first act was loosely adapted for the screen in Jin-Roh.
 Act 2: The Hound "Jagdhund" (  ~ ~, Ry ken ~Yakutohaundo~) The second chapter concerns Hachiro Kishu, a helicopter pilot whose dream has been the thrill of flying and the challenge of aerial combat.
 Stuck to flying recon and traffic patrol on board a Fa-330 gyroglider, Kishu gets his chance when the Metropolitan Police's Aerial Squadron ( ) is issued a new state-of-the-art assault helicopter prototype (Fa-666 "Jagdhund") and he has been assigned to fly it.
 Meanwhile, outside Metropolitan Police Public Security Division agents are tracking down a mole within the Metropolitan Police, but before they can arrest him and his accomplices, the Kerberos 9th Platoon "Schwei hund" raids an accomplice's house, killing much of the cell, but the mole escapes.
 When the M.
P.
 Public Security Division agents inform their director Bunmei Muroto, while they have not identified the mole, they uncovered a plot to sabotage the Special Armed Garrison's upcoming aerial demonstration.
 However, in order to avenge his men who had their mission ruined by the Kerberos, Muroto does not inform the M.
P.
 Defense Division's ("Capital Area Security Police Agency" in the English adaptation) director Isao Aniya and allows the parade to go on.
 The Sect mole, revealed to be aircraft mechanic within the Aeronautical Experiments Platoon, plants a bomb on board the Jagdhund prototype, which explodes during the aerial demonstration.
 Kishu can only watch in horror as his dream falls to the ground.
 Act 3: The Stray Dog ( , Yaken) Muroto realized the society has evolved since the days of the Metropolitan Police creation, the Kerberos era's end is inevitable ("there's not enough room for two dogs in one dog house.
 but if you need the bloodline of both dogs you can resolve the situation by mating them.
.
.
").
 Therefore Muroto works against the M.
P.
 Defense Division's interest throughout the series, although it is unclear if Muroto is doing this out of self-interest or for loftier goals.
 In addition to letting a terrorist bomb the parade flight of the Special Armed Garrison's Jagdhund helicopter, it is revealed that Muroto is planning to merge his M.
P.
 Public Security Division with the rival Self-Police ("Metropolitan Police Force" and "NPA" are randomly used in the English adaptation) to create "a new public peacekeeping apparatus that has the Public Security Division at its core".
 A such move implies to dismantle Shiro Tatsumi's Kerberos unit.
 Knowing that M.
P.
 Defense Division director Isao Aniya may see this as a betrayal after years of faithful service and loyalty and attempt to strike back, Muroto knows that in order for the Metropolitan Police merger to continue, he must publicly discredit or eliminate the Special Armed Garrison.
 Following a secret meeting with Self-Police Public Security Bureau officials, he confronts an underling, Tsujimura, of leaking secrets to a friend in the Kerberos unit.
 M.
P.
 Public Security Division agents come to take Tsujimura away, but unmasking director Muroto's ambition ("say, Boss, who is it the dog is supposed to preserve his bloodline for, anyway?
") he pulls a gun on him, forcing the agents to kill Tsujimura.
 This chapter also foreshadows the downfall of the Special Armored Garrison, when a stray dog finds the corpse of Tsujimura in a junkyard, then wanders next to a large pile of discarded Stahlhelm helmets, machineguns, and armored personnel carriers, all presumably from the Kerberos unit, with the gleaming glass office buildings of Tokyo in the background.
 Act 4: The Fighting Dog - Chapter I (  - I  , Sentoken - I Tansho)  The Sect creates a hostage crisis at the German embassy in Japan.
 If any hostages are killed during the siege, an international incident could erupt.
 The Kerberos Assault Platoons storm the embassy, eliminating the radicals within minutes.
 However, the embassy takeover was a diversion by a splinter group of the Sect.
 The main cell and their leader, Fujiwara, has hijacked a Luft Hansa Focke-Wulf Fw 200 at the Tokyo International Airport (a.
k.
a.
 Haneda Airport).
 It is soon revealed that Fujiwara's splinter cell broke off from the Sect following a series of incidents similar to the Special Armed Garrison: the Sect's leadership, behind bars, has compromised with the government and has abandoned its more extremist and violent members, calling themselves the Four Seasons League.
 The goal of the splinter faction's hijacking is an appointment with glory with the Kerberos unit.
 Act 4: The Fighting Dog - Chapter II (  - II  , Sentoken - II Taiji) The Kerberos Assault Platoon unit is charged with the capture of Fujiwara ("No one else is to take him") and is dispatched to Haneda Airport, but soon has a conflict over jurisdiction with the Self-Police, who polices the airport.
 The jurisdiction conflict comes to a head when the unit commander, Handa, orders the Kerberos unit to ignore the Self-Police's SSG (Spezial Sturm Gruppe, a fictitious special assault unit inspired by the actual GSG 9) blockade, resulting in a public armed standoff inside the airport terminal.
 The resulting backlash quickly dumps the Kerberos unit on the tarmac, where Handa formulates one last plan to capture Fujiwara.
 Handa has his unit secure a Volkswagen Type 26 service truck and sends Koichi Todome, Midori Washio, and Souichiro Toribe to infiltrate the Fw 200 as caterers delivering food to the hostages, violating the Self-Police's jurisdiction.
 If they are caught, they can be arrested and the scandal would destroy the Kerberos unit.
 Act 4: The Fighting Dog - Chapter III (  - III  , Sentoken - III Totsuny ) Handa launches a diversion as Koichi, Midori and Soichiro storm the plane and kill most of the splinter faction, but before they can fully secure the plane, Fujiwara orders the pilot to takeoff.
 Koichi, Midori and Soichiro force the plane down by shooting the engines.
 The plane crash-lands on a landfill on Showa Island and Fujiwara makes his escape.
 Koichi and Soichiro are in a daze from the crash, but Midori climbs up on the fuselage and begins setting up her Mauser C96 pistol for long-range shooting.
 Handa and the rest of the Kerberos unit scramble to the crash site, but are beaten by the Self-Police.
 Fujiwara meets a wall of Self-Police in riot gear, waiting to apprehend him, but instead resisting arrest, he turns to face the distant crashed plane and Midori, who shoots him between the eyes.
   Act 5: The Military Dog ( , Guny ken) Tetsur  Kai, the young leader of the Japan Ground Self-Defense Force's ( ) Panzer J ger Unit ( ) incorporates the Kerberos organization's Academy Training School ( ) as an undercover trainee.
 There he meets and falls in love with instructor Midori Washio.
 Special Armoured Suits Type 61 used by the JGSDF's Panzer J ger special force (a.
k.
a.
 "Molosser") are publicly unveiled during a military parade at the Mount Fuji in December 19XX.
 The JGSDF's 1st Airborne Brigade ( 1 ) is modeled after the fictitious World War II German elit unit (with Special Armored Suits Type 34 "Wolfpelz") which fought and eventually defeated the Soviets at the decisive Battle of Stalingrad that turned the tide of war (see Kerberos Panzer J ger).
 Act 6: The Stray Dog "Fast Food Grifter Clubbed to Death Case" (  ~ ~, Norainu) The Kerberos organization's reputation worsen further with the Fast Food Grifter Clubbed To Death Case.
 A Fast Food Grifter (  tachiguishi) that goes by the name Cold Badger Masa is brutally murdered by 7th Platoon "Sch ferhund" Kerberos Chuichi Koshiramaru in a stand-and-eat soba, which is called Mach ( ) as a reference to Ernst Mach.
 The Self-Police quickly arrests Koshiramaru and rumors of an anti-Kerberos conspiracy starts to emerge.
 Soon another rumor arise, the existence of a self-preservation underground cell within the Kerberos members called Jin-Roh.
 The police investigation led by Detective Matsui (from the Patlabor animation TV series and feature films Oshii directed) unveils the existence of Fast Food Grifters among the society, the most famous of them, Moongaze Ginji (from The Red Spectacles), does a cameo.
 This Act is taglined "Fast Food Grifter Clubbed to Death Case" ( ) for it is the comic adaptation of radio drama While Waiting For The Red Spectacles's eponymous Third night.
 This event is later adapted for the screen in Tachiguichi-Retsuden.
 Act 7: The Mad Dog ( , Ky ken) When two German officials have to come in Japan on a diplomatic trip, hundreds of anti-Weimar Establishment ( ) protesters gather at a bridge junction near the airport.
 As the Self-Police using rubber bullets is overwhelmed by violent rioters enforcing the security barrage and eventually molesting the diplomatic convoy, standing Kerberos, which were sent in for backup, fire over the protesters.
 This event becomes a political scandal known as "the incident of the 200 killed" (a.
k.
a.
 "Park Incident") and the National Public Safety Committee votes for the Metropolitan Police's dismantlement order.
 Isao Aniya and Shiro Tatsumi refuse it and instead plan a coup d' tat, then Hajime Handa gathers the three Kerberos companies and delivers a rousing speech.
 The climactic "Kerberos Riot" is about to begin (see February 26 incident).
 Act 8: The Fighting Dog II (  II, Sentoken II)  On February 26 of 19XX, 7:12AM, Tokki-tai Captain Tatsumi Shiro led the 1st Company "Kurzhaar" to Kasumigaseki -district of most of Japan's cabinet ministry offices- he was supported by Tokki-tai Vice-Chief Hajime Handa's 2nd Company "Langhaar".
 Forces were respectively about 22 vehicles per 120 men and 31 vehicles per 180 men.
 Aerial support was granted by the Tokki-tai Aerial Reconnaissance Platoon "Laelaps" made of 22 men (mechanics and pilots) and 5 Fa-330 gyrogliders.
 Hachiro Kishu, a.
k.
a.
 "Laelaps 4", launched the initial assault against a Self-Police Riot Police patrol at 7:30AM.
 Laelaps attacked a second patrol at 7:33AM in a joint-assault with the 1st Company.
 At 7:55AM, the 3rd Company "Drahthaar" led by 9th Platoon "Schwei hund" Platoon Leader Ichir  Kure stormed the Self-Police's (National Police Agency) governmental building ( ).
 While succeeding in taking control of the Self-Police's building the 3rd Company was eventually decimated by Bunmei Muroto's agents who freed the hostages.
 Following these events Muroto drove to the Prime Minister's cabinet, Kantei, to a rendez-vous with Metropolitan Police's (Shutokei) director of division Isao Aniya.
 At 8:25AM refuelling Laelaps was attacked by Self-Police policemen who killed all mechanics and engineers, all five gyrogliders escaped in extremis though.
 Laelaps fought back and killed the Self-Police agents.
 At 8:32AM 1st Company and 2nd Company bessieged the Self-Police HQ -Tokyo M.
P.
D.
- ( ) with Laelaps harassing the defenders until Handa ordered the all-out assault.
 Shortly after, three incoming Japan Air Self-Defense Force ( ) fighters Messerschmitt Me 262 A-1j were spotted by Laelaps 4.
 At 9:05AM, Hachiro Tohbe and a fellow 2nd Company veteran instructor are sharing their last cigarette as the Kerberos Academy Training School "Zucht Schanze" is going under siege by the Self-Police's Riot Police.
 11:55AM, Tatsumi Shiro and Hajime Handa are reporting the situation from the Self-Police director's office before Protect Gear-dressed Shiro prepares to launch the final battle.
 12:00AM, Shiro exits the Kerberos-held Self-Police HQ which is now under siege by the JGSDF's 1st Airborne Brigade.
 As Shiro leads his men rushing toward the Panzer J ger Trooper (Molosser) lines, Tetsur  Kai shouts "fire!
!
".
 During the fierce battle, Koichi Todome, Midori Washio and Souichiro Toribe runaway on board a k belwagen toward the docks (see The Red Spectacles).
   The Night Before: Kerberos Riot Another Story ( - , Zenya - keruberosu souran ibun) The Special Issue tales the following of the "Park Incident" (Act 7) with Midori Washio, Souichiro Toribe, Koichi Todome and Kurosaki.
     Kerberos Panzer Cop is a manga adaptation of Mamoru Oshii's 1987's live-action film The Red Spectacles.
 The motion picture's introduction is the direct sequel of the"Kerberos Riot" ( , Keruberosu Souran) event which is fully described in Kerberos Panzer Cop volume 2, act 8.
   Stray Dog: Kerberos Panzer Cops is a 1991 live-action film adaptation of Kerberos Panzer Cop volume 1.
 The motion picture's opening scene is part of the "Kerberos Riot" event which is years later fully described in Kerberos Panzer Cop volume 2, act 8.
 Also the character named Toru Inui shares some background with act 1's main character, Inui.
   The animated feature Jin-Roh is an adaptation of Parts I & II of Kerberos Panzer Cop.
 Jin-Roh is about a major conspiracy against the Kerberos organization taking part in Tokyo during the 1950s.
 The main character, Kazuki Fuse, was created after Inui, a Kerberos performed by Yoshikatsu Fujiki, in the 1991 live-action adaptation and also featured in the manga.
 The manga and original story's Todomo-Washio-Toribe trio was removed and the "Kerberos Riot" event was simplified and replaced by a self conservation unit, the "Jin-Roh Brigade".
 The original storyboard by Oshii was modified by director Okiura, notably with the addition of romantic scenes.
   Kerberos Saga Rainy Dogs is a manga sequel, serialized from 2003 to 2004 in Ace Tokunoh magazine.
 It was published as a single volume in 2005 by Kadokawa Shoten.
   Various editions and reissues were released since 1988 to present day.
 Not only the paper size differs from one issue to another but also the bonus material.
 Magazine serializations, Original, Complete and Kerberos Saga editions are standard B5 (25.
7 cm x 18.
2 cm / 10.
1" x 7.
2").
 Popular edition is A5 size (21 cm x 14.
8 cm) and Frozen edition is B6 size (18 cm x 13 cm).
 Additional contents such as prologues, production notes, scenarios, organization charts, glossary, staff interviews and bibliographies are always included in tank bon editions to explain the Kerberos Saga's complex background.
 Amazing Comics serialization (Act1~2 / B5) Kerberos Panzer Cop was first published in October 1988 through Amazing Comics ( ), a Science fiction/Horror two-monthly comics magazine published from 1988 to 1989 by Kasakura Shuppansha.
 Combat Comic serialization (Act1~4 / B5) After Amazing Comics last issue in April 1989, Kerberos Panzer Cop: Part I serialization restarted in Combat Comic ( ), a monthly SF and Fantasy comic magazine published from 1985 to 1990 by Nihon Shuppansha.
 Part One (Act1~4) was completed in July 1990.
 Original edition (Part I / B5) In December 1990 Nihon Shuppansha compiled Kerberos Panzer Cop: Part One in a single paperback volume with the original cheap paper quality and B5 size kept (25.
7 cm x 18.
2 cm).
 This original edition features a curved silver dust jacket cover.
 A white obi strip promoting the StrayDog theatrical adaptation's March 1991 roadshow (" !
") was included over the dust jacket cover.
 Popular edition (Part I / A5) Re-issue of the 1990 Original edition by Nihon Shuppansha.
 Paper size is smaller than the original B5 edition (now 21 cm x 14.
8 cm) but the paper quality is a bit better.
 Half of the bonus material was removed though for a budget release.
 Monthly Sh nen Ace serialization (Act5~8 / B5) The sequel and completion of Kerberos Panzer Cop, featuring Acts 5~8 ( , Part 2) was published in Monthly Sh nen Ace ( , Gekkan Sh nen Esu) monthly comics magazine, property of Kadokawa Shoten.
 Kerberos Panzer Cop was completed in January 2000.
 Frozen edition (Part I & II / B6) The "Frozen version" is a 2-volume renewal edition.
 The first volume is a reissue of the 1993 Popular edition, though it is a smaller format (18 cm x 13 cm) but the paper quality is even better (supercalendered).
 The second volume is the first ever compilation of Kerberos Panzer Cop Part II.
 It is dubbed "Conclusion" and was issued as a 10th anniversary of the Original edition, and also to coincide with the release of the theatrical adaptation, Jin-Roh, in Japan.
 Both volumes were issued within illustrator Kamui Fujiwara's works collection reissue.
 Complete edition (Part I & II / B5+CD) The Zen edition is a boxset reissue of the Frozen version including Acts 1~8 in a +400 pages single volume bundled with goodies.
 As a collector item it was packaged in a white carton box bearing a "Zen" sticker and including a deluxe black carton boxset (with grey obi), three original B5 postcards, the drama CD version of While Waiting For The Red Spectacles ("Radio Kerberos"), the revised script for While Waiting For The Red Spectacles and various appendices.
 A limited Kerberos Panzer Cop Kubrick (Protect-Gear '92) was offered to first print pre-orderers on Kadokawa's website.
 The "Zen" (literally "complete book") edition was produced in small quantities sold 5,800  (+51$).
 Kerberos Saga edition (Part I / B5) Single act releases reissue in B5 format by Barque (Raiden company) through the Kerberos Saga official website.
 Kerberos Panzer Cops (with the plural form as in the live-action film StrayDog) is used instead of the original title Kerberos Panzer Cop.
   ^ Kerberos-Saga.
jp - 2009.
07.
17 - news099  20 BOX  ^ Kerberos Panzer Cops: Tokyo War ( ), obi strip information, March 17 of 2009 ^ Kerberos Panzer Cops: Tokyo War ( ), page 154, March 17 of 2009 ^ Kerberos Panzer Cop Complete Book (Zen), Kerberos Words, page 386  The 1954 All England Championships was a badminton tournament held at the Empress Hall, Earls Court, London, England from 17 21 March 1954.
   Judy Devlin and Sue Devlin represented the United States, they were the daughters of former champion Frank Devlin of Ireland.
       + Denotes seeded player        Una de zombis is a 2003 Spanish film.
   Miguel  ngel Aij n - Aij n Miguel  ngel Aparicio - Caspas Mayte Navales - Carla Nacho Rubio - El Duende Salom  Jim nez - La Pu os Santiago Segura - Padre Pelayo/Entrecot/Himself Ra l Sanz - Johhny Maldad Natalia Moreno - Luchi Marianico el Corto - Padre de Aij n   Night of the Living Dead  The Sculptor Galaxy, also known as the Silver Coin or Silver Dollar Galaxy, NGC 253, is an intermediate spiral galaxy in the constellation Sculptor.
 The Sculptor Galaxy is a starburst galaxy, which means that it is currently undergoing a period of intense star formation.
     The galaxy was discovered by Caroline Herschel in 1783 during one of her systematic comet searches.
 About half a century later, John Herschel observed it using his 18-inch metallic mirror reflector at the Cape of Good Hope.
 He wrote, "very bright and large (24  in length); a superb object.
.
.
.
 Its light is somewhat streaky, but I see no stars in it except 4 large and one very small one, and these seem not to belong to it, there being many near.
.
.
" In 1961 Allan Sandage wrote in the Hubble Atlas of Galaxies that the Sculptor Galaxy is "the prototype example of a special subgroup of Sc systems.
.
.
.
photographic images of galaxies of the group are dominated by the dust pattern.
 Dust lanes and patches of great complexity are scattered throughout the surface.
 Spiral arms are often difficult to trace.
.
.
.
 The arms are defined as much by the dust as by the spiral pattern.
" Bernard Y.
 Mills, working out of Sydney, discovered that the Sculptor Galaxy is also a fairly strong radio source.
 In 1998 the Hubble Space Telescope took a detailed image of NGC 253.
   As one of the brightest galaxies in the sky, the Sculptor Galaxy can be seen through binoculars and is near the star Beta Ceti.
 It is considered one of the most easily viewed galaxies in the sky after the Andromeda Galaxy.
 The Sculptor Galaxy is a good target for observation with a telescope with a 300 mm diameter or larger.
 In such telescopes, it appears as a galaxy with a long, oval bulge and a mottled disc.
 Although the bulge appears only slightly brighter than the rest of the galaxy, it is fairly extended compared to the disk.
 In 400 mm scopes and larger, a dark dust lane northwest of the nucleus is visible, and over a dozen faint stars can be seen superimposed on the bulge.
   The Sculptor Galaxy is located at the center of the Sculptor Group, one of the nearest groups of galaxies to the Milky Way.
 The Sculptor Galaxy (the brightest galaxy in the group and one of the intrinsically brightest galaxies in the vicinity of ours, only surpassed by the Andromeda Galaxy and the Sombrero Galaxy ) and the companion galaxies NGC 247, PGC 2881, PGC 2933, Sculptor-dE1, and UGCA 15 form a gravitationally-bound core near the center of the group.
 Most other galaxies associated with the Sculptor Group are only weakly gravitationally bound to this core.
   NGC 253's most notable feature is the earlier-mentioned starburst which is taking place within it, and which has created several super star clusters on NGC 253's center (discovered with the aid of the Hubble Space Telescope): one with a mass of 1,5*106 solar masses, and absolute magnitude of at least -15, and two others with 5*104 solar masses and absolute magnitudes around -11; later studies have discovered an even more massive cluster heavily obscured by NGC 253's interstellar dust with a mass of 1.
4*107 solar masses, an age of around 5.
7*106 years, and rich in Wolf-Rayet stars.
 Star formation is also high in the northeast of NGC 253's disk, where a number of red supergiant stars can be found, and in its halo there are young stars as well as some amounts of neutral hydrogen.
 This, along with other peculiarities found in NGC 253, suggest that a gas-rich dwarf galaxy collided with it 200 million years ago, disturbing its disk and starting the present starburst.
 As happens in other galaxies suffering strong star formation such as Messier 82, NGC 4631, or NGC 4666, the stellar winds of the massive stars produced in the starburst as well as their deaths as supernovae have blown out material to NGC 253's halo, in the form of a superwind that seems to be inhibiting star formation in the galaxy.
 Although supernovae are generally associated with starburst galaxies, only one supernova has been detected within the Sculptor Galaxy.
 The supernova, named SN 1940E, is located approximately 54  southwest of the galaxy's nucleus.
 It was discovered in November 1940.
   Recent research suggests the presence in the center of this galaxy of a supermassive black hole, with a mass estimated to be 5 million times that of our Sun   At least two techniques have been used to measure distances to Sculptor in the past ten years.
 Using the planetary nebula luminosity function method, an estimate of 10.
89 +0.
85  1.
24 Mly* (3.
34 +0.
26  0.
38 Mpc*) was achieved in 2006.
 Sculptor is close enough that the tip of the red giant branch (TRGB) method may also be used to estimate its distance.
 The estimated distance to Sculptor using this technique in 2004 yielded 12.
8   1.
2 Mly (3.
94   0.
37 Mpc).
 A weighted average of the most reliable distance estimates gives a distance of 11.
4   0.
7 Mly (3.
5   0.
2 Mpc).
     Globular cluster NGC 288, located 1 .
8 south-southeast of the Sculptor Galaxy.
 2MASX J00482185-2507365 occulting pair, discovered while photographing NGC 253    Robert Francis Cranny (born 2 July 1981) is a musician, songwriter and record producer based in Sydney, Australia.
   Robert F.
 Cranny co-wrote and co-produced the first two albums of Sydney musician, Sarah Blasko, The Overture & the Underscore (2004) and What The Sea Wants, The Sea Will Have (2006), both of which were certified platinum.
 The Overture & the Underscore was recorded in Hollywood, Ca with engineer Wally Gagel (Eels, Old 97s, Folk Implosion) and session drummer Joey Waronker (Beck, The Smashing Pumpkins).
 What The Sea Wants, The Sea Will Have was produced by Blasko, Cranny and Jim Moginie of Midnight Oil-fame.
 It was recorded in Neil Finn's Roundhead Studios in Auckland, New Zealand.
 The album won an ARIA award in 2007 for Best Pop Release.
 Cranny co-wrote all tracks on both albums, with the exception of Beautiful Secrets.
 He is the sole writer of the song Perfect Now which has appeared in the television program, One Tree Hill.
   In 2011, Cranny co-produced the debut album by Ben Salter, "The Cat".
 It was produced by Gareth Liddiard, Robert F.
 Cranny & Ben Salter at Liddiard's rural property in Myrtleford, Victoria.
 Liddiard's own band, The Drones had previously recorded the album Havilah at the property.
 Cranny made songwriting contributions to two album tracks, and personally wrote the song, "Know Your Strength" for the album.
 In 2010, Cranny played an 11-date Australian tour as a keyboard player in Gersey, supporting US band, Pavement.
 In 2009, he played keyboards for US indie-rock musician, Spiral Stairs.
 In 2008, Cranny co-produced three tracks with Leonardo's Bride vocalist, Abby Dobson, for her debut solo album "Rise Up", including the single,  Horses .
 Cranny has also performed and recorded with other artists such as Ben Salter, 78 Saab, Sianna Lee, The Maladies, The C-Minus Project, Peabody, Darren Hanlon, Soap Star Joe, Gaslight Radio, Magic Lunchbox and The Line Drawings.
 Along with Sarah Kelly from theredsunband, he owned and operated Enchanted Recordings, an independent record label based in Sydney, Australia, which was active between 2006 & 2010.
   "The Cat" by Ben Salter Won the Queensland Music Award for Album Of The Year in 2012 "West End Girls" listed at #28 on The Courier Mail's "Top 50 Queensland Songs" "What The Sea Wants, The Sea Will Have" by Sarah Blasko Awarded a platinum sales accreditation in Australia Won an ARIA Award for Best Pop Release in 2007 "{Explain}" (#79) and "Always on this Line" (#58) reached Triple J's Hottest 100 for 2006 "The Overture & the Underscore" by Sarah Blasko Awarded a platinum sales accreditation in Australia "Don't U Eva" (#27) reached Triple J's Hottest 100 for 2004 Named the 10th Greatest Australian Album of All Time by Triple J Music Director, Richard Kingsmill     Don't U Eva single   Sarah Blasko (2004)   produced by Sarah Blasko and Robert F Cranny The Overture & The Underscore   Sarah Blasko (2004) - produced by Sarah Blasko and Robert F Cranny She Will Have Her Way: The Songs of Neil & Tim Finn   Sarah Blasko (2005)   Don't Dream It's Over produced by Sarah Blasko and Robert F Cranny What The Sea Wants, The Sea Will Have - Sarah Blasko (2006)   produced by Sarah Blasko, Robert F Cranny and Jim Moginie Rise Up   Abby Dobson (2008)   three tracks produced by Robert F Cranny and Abby Dobson Horses single Abby Dobson (2009)   produced by Robert F Cranny and Abby Dobson Phoenix Propeller   Sianna Lee (2010)   Mercenary In Me produced by Robert F Cranny The Cat - Ben Salter (2011)   produced by Robert F Cranny, Gareth Liddiard & Ben Salter King Me - Love Parade (2013)   produced by Robert F Cranny Where The Ocean Starts EP - Katie Whyte (2013) - produced by Robert F Cranny   Don't U Eva single   Sarah Blasko (2004)   written by Sarah Blasko and Robert F Cranny The Overture & The Underscore   Sarah Blasko (2004) all tracks written by Sarah Blasko and Robert F Cranny, except "Beautiful Secrets" by Sarah Blasko & "Don't U Eva" by Robert F Cranny.
 What The Sea Wants, The Sea Will Have (2006)   all tracks written by Sarah Blasko and Robert F Cranny Phoenix Propeller   Sianna Lee (2010)   You Are The Sea written by Sianna Lee and Robert F Cranny The Cat - Ben Salter (2011)   Know Your Strength written by Robert F Cranny, The Cat written by Ben Salter, Robert F Cranny & Gareth Liddiard   Picture a Hum, Can't Hear a Sound   78 Saab (2000)   piano, organ, synth Orange Syringe   Tom Morgan (2013) - Casio MT70, Hammond Organ Forthcoming Album   Gersey (due 2013)   ^ "Blasko Goes Platinum Twice" ^ "ARIA Award Winners 2007" ^ APRA-AMCOS Official Site ^ One Tree Hill Music Site ^  Two States" live at Sydney Laneway Festival 2009 ^ Craving Records ^ Abby Dobson in the Sydney Morning Herald ^ http://themusic.
com.
au/news/all/queensland-music-awards-announced/ ^ http://www.
couriermail.
com.
au/news/queensland/noel-mengels-top-50-list-of-queensland-songs/story-fnihsrf2-1226674854483 ^ http://www.
abc.
net.
au/triplej/hottest100/alltime/11/tens/triplej.
htm#main ^ Robert F.
 Cranny Official SiteThis list includes properties and districts listed on the National Register of Historic Places in Brunswick County, North Carolina.
 Click the "Map of all coordinates" link to the right to view a Google map of all properties and districts with latitude and longitude coordinates in the table below.
    This National Park Service list is complete through NPS recent listings posted February 6, 2015.
   National Register of Historic Places listings in North Carolina List of National Historic Landmarks in North Carolina  Kaj Derakht (Persian:    ; also known as Kal teh-ye Kaj Derakht) is a village in Balaband Rural District, in the Central District of Fariman County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran.
 At the 2006 census, its population was 48, in 10 families.
  Janez Mari  (born August 10, 1975 in Ribno, Slovenia) is a Slovenian biathlete.
 Mari  represented Slovenia at the 2002, 2006, 2010 and 2014 Winter Olympics.
  Arthroleptis aureoli (common name: Freetown long-fingered frog) is a species of frog in the Arthroleptidae family.
 It is endemic to the Freetown Peninsula, Sierra Leone.
 Its habitats are forests and rural gardens near forest.
 It is threatened by habitat loss.
  Eanmund was a king of Kent, jointly with or in succession to Sigered of Kent.
 Eanmund is known only from an undated confirmation, witnessed by Archbishop Bregowine (761 764), added to a charter of Sigered [1].
   List of monarchs of Kent Chronology of Kentish Kings ka [ w ka] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Korzenna, within Nowy S cz County, Lesser Poland Voivodeship, in southern Poland.
 It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) west of Korzenna, 9 km (6 mi) north-east of Nowy S cz, and 75 km (47 mi) south-east of the regional capital Krak w.
 The village has a population of 547.
  MBC 2 is a television channel of the Mauritius Broadcasting Corporation (MBC) broadcast in Mauritius.
 It was launched as the second TV channel in Mauritius on 30 July 1990 after the MBC 1.
   J'ai Faim Crazy TV Kitikoui Mangeons Veg Saveur Plus- Mangez Sain, Mangez bien Swad,Swastiya & Soundery Saaptaahik Patrika Chala Gaon Ghoome Amrit Vaani Samachar Zournal   Saat Phere Meri Doli Tere Angana Punar Vivaah.
.
.
 Zindagi Milegi Dobara Arjun Fear Files Pavitra Rishta   List of television channels in Mauritius Media of Mauritius List of Shows Broadcast by the Mauritius Broadcasting Corporation  Orange, Red, Yellow is a 1961 Color Field painting by Mark Rothko.
 It sold at Christies for $86,882,500 on May 8, 2012.
 The seller was the estate of David Pincus and the sale price represents a record nominal price for Post-War / contemporary art at public auction and for Rothko works in general.
   The work was acquired by Marlborough Fine Art, Ltd.
 in London from the Marlborough-Gerson Gallery, Inc.
 in New York.
 Marlborough Fine Art sold the work to David Pincus in 1967.
 Pincus is regarded as one of the leading American collectors in the second half of the 20th century.
 The work has not been on the market in the 45 years since Pincus' acquisition.
 It has been exhibited on occasion.
 From February March 1964, it was exhibited at the Marlborough New London Gallery in London in a Mark Rothko exhibition.
 From September November 1986 it was exhibited by the Philadelphia Museum of Art, in its "Philadelphia Collects: Art Since 1940" exhibition.
 From June December 1996 it was exhibited by the Palmer Museum of Art at Pennsylvania State University in University Park, Pennsylvania for their "Abstraction to Figuration: Selections of Contemporary Art from the Pincus Collection" exhibition.
 It was also later on extended loan at the Philadelphia Museum of Art.
   This surpassed the 2007 record price for a Rothko work of $72.
8 million set when David Rockefeller sold White Center (Yellow, Pink and Lavender on Rose).
 The hammer price was $77.
5 million, and the price was $86.
8 million including buyer s premium.
 It established a new record for post-war/contemporary art at a public auction, when ignoring inflation.
 The highest price paid for a post-war painting in a private sale is believed to be $140 million (~$160 million in May 2012 dollars) for Jackson Pollock's No.
 5, 1948 in November 2006.
 In constant dollars, the record price for post-war art at a public auction remained with "Triptych, 1976" by Francis Bacon, sold at Sotheby's for $86.
3 million in May 2008 (~$92 million in May 2012 dollars).
 The price for Rothko's painting was expected to top out near $45 million based on presale estimates.
 When the record-setting 2012 auction price reached $70 million, three bidders remained competitive.
 The bidding extended for over six and a half minutes, which is ".
.
.
one of the longest bidding matches yet witnessed in a contemporary art sale.
"   Souren Melikian of The New York Times described Rothko's Orange, Red, Yellow as one that ".
.
.
can convincingly be argued to be the most powerful of all his pictures", Kelly Crow of the Wall Street Journal stated that "The painting's trio of orange and yellow rectangles bobbing atop a cherry-red background forms a palette that's as eye-catching as a sunset or a Popsicle.
", noting that "Auction specialists say collectors historically pay more for works that are red and gold, as opposed to gray.
"   List of most expensive paintings    Robert Dodd was an English professional association footballer who played as a half back.
 He was born in Blackburn, Lancashire and played five games in the Football League for Burnley in the 1910 11 season.
   Joyce, Michael (2004).
 Football League Players' Records 1888-1939.
Assaad Hardan (Arabic:    , born 1951 in Rachaya Al Foukhar) is a Lebanese politician and the leader of the Syrian Social Nationalist Party in Lebanon.
 He joined in 1968 the Syrian Social Nationalist Party and became leader of the Central Political Bureau, after a highly controversial role during the civil war.
 He was elected since 1992 member of the Lebanese Parliament represented the Greek Orthodox seat from Marjeyoun-Hasbaya district and has been named repeatedly to the government: Minister of State without portfolio between 1990 and 1992 (government of Omar Karami and Rachid Solh), Minister of Labour between 1995 and 1998 and between 2003 and 2004, he was succeeded by Assem Qanso in 2004.
  Jeffrey Allen Carlson (born April 23, 1966 in Long Beach, California) is a former professional American football quarterback in the National Football League.
 He played three seasons for the Tampa Bay Buccaneers and New England Patriots.
  Route 2 is a major east west state highway in Massachusetts.
 Along with Route 9 and U.
S.
 Route 20 to the south, these highways are the main alternatives to the Massachusetts Turnpike/I-90 toll highway.
 Route 2 runs the entire length of the northern tier of Massachusetts, beginning at the New York border, where it connects with New York State Route 2, and ending near Boston Common in Boston.
   Route 2 proceeds east from the New York state line on a winding, scenic path in Berkshire County through Williamstown, where it serves the Williams College area and through North Adams, where it serves the Massachusetts College of Liberal Arts.
 East of North Adams, Route 2 ascends via a hairpin turn into the Hoosac Range along what is known as the Mohawk Trail.
 Route 2 then enters Franklin County, meeting Interstate 91 at an interchange in Greenfield and briefly runs concurrently with I-91.
 While the old Route 2 becomes Route 2A and goes through downtown Greenfield, Route 2 exits off I-91 as a short expressway before becoming a two-lane freeway.
 Outside of Greenfield, Route 2A temporarily ends and merges with Route 2.
 Route 2 remains a regular two-lane surface road in Gill and through Erving though it has some grade-separated interchanges in Millers Falls at its intersection with Route 63.
 There is another gap in the two-lane expressway in the Erving area.
 Recently, the road in Erving was routed to the north and straightened to avoid the paper mill next to the river.
 This rerouting led to the road being shortened by less than a tenth of a mile.
 Once the road enters the Town of Orange, Route 2A resumes and diverges from Route 2.
 At this point Route 2 again becomes a two-lane expressway.
 In Orange, Route 2 runs concurrently with U.
S.
 Route 202.
 The road at this point enters the town of Athol in Worcester County, Massachusetts.
 After its eastern interchange in Phillipston when US 202 departs to the north, Route 2 becomes a full four-lane expressway, though not to Interstate standards at most points.
 It continues through Gardner and Leominster, where Interstate 190 heads south to Worcester.
 Continuing east into Fitchburg, Route 2 has several at-grade intersections with Oak Hill Road, Palmer Road, Mt.
 Elam Road, and Abbott Avenue.
 At the intersection with Mt.
 Elam Road, a traffic light remains in use on the eastbound side.
 Route 2 continues east to Middlesex County, Massachusetts and enters Boston's outer loop at the interchange with Interstate 495 in Littleton.
 It continues as an expressway into Acton, where the expressway ends at the traffic-light intersection with Piper Road and Taylor Road, and Route 2 becomes a regular divided highway at most points and just a four-lane highway at other points.
 At the Concord Rotary, a major traffic choke point, Route 2 intersects with Route 2A and the eastern terminus of Route 119 (which is concurrent with Route 2A).
 After the rotary the road loses its dividing wall as it passes past the State Police (who have an emergency-only traffic light) and over the Assabet River.
 Route 2A used to then break away from Route 2 at the next traffic light to go left into Concord but is now overlaid with Route 2.
 At Crosby's Corner, the sixth intersection after the rotary, Route 2A goes straight while Route 2 veers right (but still heads east).
 The highway loses its dividing wall until the Bedford St intersection in Lincoln where it becomes divided again.
 MassHighway currently expects to rebuild the Crosby Corner intersection and create a dividing wall from there to Bedford St.
   At this point Route 2 enters Lexington and still is a divided 4-lane road with surface intersections.
 It then heads to Boston's inner belt, crossing Interstate 95/Route 128.
 In Arlington, Route 2 is a six-lane and then eight-lane limited-access highway until Exit 60, where it narrows with little warning to six lanes and then to four lanes.
 This section of expressway actually meets the standards of an interstate highway.
 The final off-ramp leads toward the large parking garage at the MBTA Alewife Station.
 At this point the road heads into Cambridge.
  The limited access highway portion ends at a signalized intersection, where it merges with U.
S.
 Route 3 south and Route 16 west in Cambridge and continues as a four-lane surface road to the Boston Public Garden.
 Route 2 follows Alewife Brook Parkway, Fresh Pond Parkway, Gerry's Landing Road, and Memorial Drive (all parkways maintained by the Department of Conservation and Recreation) through Cambridge.
 It crosses into Boston on the Boston University Bridge.
 The Brookline/Norfolk County line also lies upon intersecting Commonwealth Avenue.
 After crossing Commonwealth Avenue (U.
S.
 Route 20), it follows Mountfort Street and Beacon Street through the northernmost tip of Brookline before crossing into Kenmore Square which is the eastern terminus of U.
S.
 Route 20.
 From Kenmore Square, Route 2 follows Commonwealth Avenue to Arlington Street.
 It circles the Public Garden in Boston, using Arlington Street to Boylston Street to Charles Street.
 Route 2 goes along northbound Route 28 at the intersection of Charles Street and Beacon Street between Boston Common and the Boston Public Garden.
 Shortly after, Route 2 ends on U.
S.
 Route 3 or Route 3 while Route 28 north goes with the southbound of Route 3.
   The route amalgamates and supersedes various named highways in some cases going back to the pre-automobile era.
 For example, parts of Route 2 are sometimes known as the Cambridge and Concord Turnpike and the Mohawk Trail.
  In the early 1920s, Route 2 was known as New England Interstate Route 7 (NE-7), a major road connecting Boston with Troy, New York.
 NE-7 ran roughly where Route 2A (the original surface alignment of Route 2) does now except near the New York state line.
 NE-7 used current Massachusetts Route 43, New York State Route 43 and New York State Route 66 to reach Troy.
 Current Route 2 from Williamstown to Petersburgh was previously numbered as Route 96.
 Route 2 connected as a highway in its current right-of-way at Alewife Brook Parkway at some point before 1937.
 An upgraded Route 2 was originally planned to continue as Boston's Northwest Expressway (merging with a re-routed U.
S.
 Route 3 at the Arlington-Lexington or Arlington-Cambridge border) to a junction with Interstate 695, the Inner Beltway, but this, along with the Inner Beltway itself, was cancelled in 1970, accounting for the abrupt narrowing at Alewife.
 In place of the highway project, the MBTA Red Line was extended from Harvard to Alewife in the 1980s.
   This major project has been planned since 1999.
 The intersection has an average of 90 accidents a year.
 The project is intended to solve the traffic and safety problems that have occurred at Crosby's Corner intersection (junction of Route 2 and 2A) in Concord.
 The project, expected to cost $71.
9 million, will widen Route 2 from Bedford Road in Lincoln to 300 feet west of Sandy Pond Road in Concord.
 The project will eliminate the at grade intersection and realign it and construct new entrance and exit ramps along with constructing new service roads next to Route 2.
 The project was expected to begin in 2011.
 The state has recently spent $25 35 million for property takings in the path of the new alignment of Route 2.
 In January 2010 a speeding tanker truck carrying liquid asphalt flipped over on Route 2 and crushed three cars.
 The truck driver was med-flighted to a Boston hospital with serious injuries.
 The highway was shut down for five hours causing traffic delays for the 46,000 commuters daily.
 The accident put the spotlight back on the Crosby's Corner project.
 The full project includes building a new overpass bridge over Route 2 and building multiple service roads next to Route 2.
 Fourteen retaining walls will be built to accommodate the new interchange ramp construction.
 Work also consists of a new signalized intersection.
 The project was put out to bid for contractors on September 19, 2011.
 A contractor was expected to be chosen over the winter and construction was expected to begin in Spring 2012 on the estimated $55 million project.
 The Army Corps of Engineers published a notice  for this project, because of its impact on wetlands at Crosby's Corner.
 During the summer of 2012, activity on this portion of Route 2 included surveying and the installation of orange painted stakes.
 Signs were added in January 2013 indicating that construction would start on January 14.
 As of April 2014 the project is underway and predicted completion is Spring 2016    A project to improve the Concord Rotary, at the convergence of Route 2, Route 2A/119, Barrett's Mill Road and Commonwealth Avenue, has been in planning since 2003 or even earlier.
 More than 61,000 cars use this rotary on a typical day, and the backed up traffic can be significant.
 The improved intersection would include overpasses for local streets, while Route 2 traffic would continue unimpeded at grade.
 However, the project was removed from the funded portion of the Boston Region Metropolitan Planning Organization's (MPO) Long Range Transportation Plan (LRTP) in August 2009 and is currently on hold.
     Freeway and expressway revolts  The U.
S.
 Energy Information Administration (EIA) is a principal agency of the U.
S.
 Federal Statistical System responsible for collecting, analyzing, and disseminating energy information to promote sound policymaking, efficient markets, and public understanding of energy and its interaction with the economy and the environment.
 EIA programs cover data on coal, petroleum, natural gas, electric, renewable and nuclear energy.
 EIA is part of the U.
S.
 Department of Energy.
   The Department of Energy Organization Act of 1977 established EIA as the primary federal government authority on energy statistics and analysis, building upon systems and organizations first established in 1974 following the oil market disruption of 1973.
 The EIA conducts a comprehensive data collection program that covers the full spectrum of energy sources, end uses, and energy flows; generates short- and long-term domestic and international energy projections; and performs informative energy analyses.
 The EIA disseminates its data products, analyses, reports, and services to customers and stakeholders primarily through its website and the customer contact center.
 Located in Washington, D.
C.
, the EIA had about 380 federal employees and a budget of $105 million in fiscal year 2012, an increase of $9.
6 million from fiscal year 2011.
   By law, the EIA s products are prepared independently of policy considerations.
 The EIA neither formulates nor advocates any policy conclusions.
 The Department of Energy Organization Act allows the EIA s processes and products to be independent from review by Executive Branch officials; specifically, Section 205(d) says:  The Administrator shall not be required to obtain the approval of any other officer or employee of the Department in connection with the collection or analysis of any information; nor shall the Administrator be required, prior to publication, to obtain the approval of any other officer or employee of the United States with respect to the substance of any statistical or forecasting technical reports which he has prepared in accordance with law.
      More than 2 million people use the EIA s information online each month.
 Some of the EIA s products include: Today in Energy: Informative content published every weekday that includes a graph or map and a short, timely story written in plain language that highlights current energy issues, topics, and data trends.
 Energy Explained: Energy information written for a general, non-technical audience.
 A nonpartisan guide to the entire range of energy topics from biodiesel to uranium.
 Energy Kid's Page: A very popular product from the EIA is its  Kid s Page , which educates students, citizens, and even policymakers and journalists about energy.
 This Week in Petroleum: Weekly summary and explanation of events in U.
S.
 and world petroleum markets, including weekly data.
 In March 2010, the Wall Street Journal reported that a large variety of problems with the EIA's collection of oil inventory data, including ancient technology and out-of-date methodology, have made it nearly impossible for staff to detect errors.
 A weak security system also left the data open to being hacked or leaked, according to documents obtained by newspaper.
  Gasoline and Diesel Fuel Update: Weekly price data for U.
S.
 national and regional averages.
 Country Energy Profiles: Data by country, region, and commercial group (OECD, OPEC) for 215 countries and in-depth analysis for 151 countries.
 Short-Term Energy Outlook: Energy projections for the next 18 months, updated monthly.
 Annual Energy Outlook: Projection and analysis of U.
S.
 energy supply, demand, and prices through 2040 based on EIA's National Energy Modeling System.
 Projections are always based on current legislation.
 International Energy Outlook: EIA's assessment of the outlook for international energy markets through 2040.
 Monthly Energy Review: Provides statistics on monthly and annual U.
S.
 national energy consumption going back approximately 30 years, broken down by source in downloadable PDF.
 The figures are given in units of quads (quadrillion BTUs.
) Annual Energy Review: EIA's primary report of historical annual energy statistics.
 For many series, data begin with the year 1949.
 This report has been superseded by the Monthly Energy Review and was not produced for 2012.
 Country Analysis Briefs: EIA's in-depth analyses of energy production, consumption, imports, and exports for more than 50 individual countries and regions.
 Residential Energy Consumption Survey : EIA's comprehensive survey and analysis of residential energy consumption, household characteristics, and appliance saturation.
   The Federal Energy Administration Act of 1974 created the Federal Energy Administration (FEA), the first U.
S.
 agency with the primary focus on energy and mandated it to collect, assemble, evaluate, and analyze energy information.
 It also provided the FEA with data collection enforcement authority for gathering data from energy producing and major consuming firms.
 Section 52 of the FEA Act mandated establishment of the National Energy Information System to   contain such energy information as is necessary to carry out the Administration s statistical and forecasting activities   The Department of Energy Organization Act of 1977, Public Law 95-91, created the Department of Energy.
 Section 205 of this law established the Energy Information Administration (EIA) as the primary federal government authority on energy statistics and analysis to carry out a " .
.
.
central, comprehensive, and unified energy data and information program which will collect, evaluate, assemble, analyze, and disseminate data and information which is relevant to energy resource reserves, energy production, demand, and technology, and related economic and statistical information, or which is relevant to the adequacy of energy resources to meet demands in the near and longer term future for the Nation s economic and social needs.
" The same law established that EIA s processes and products are independent from review by Executive Branch officials.
 The majority of EIA energy data surveys are based on the general mandates set forth above.
 However, there are some surveys specifically mandated by law, including: EIA-28, Financial Reporting System - Section 205(h) of the DOE Organization Act.
 EIA-1605 and 1605EZ, Voluntary Reporting of Greenhouse Gases - Section 1605(b) of the Energy Policy Act of 1992.
 EIA-886, Annual Survey of Alternative Fueled Vehicle Suppliers and Users - Section 503(b) of the Energy Policy Act of 1992.
 EIA-858, Uranium Marketing Annual Survey - Section 1015 of the Energy Policy Act of 1992.
 EIA-846A-C,Manufacturing Energy Consumption Survey - Section 205(i) of the DOE Organization Act (the Act calls for a biennial survey; however, this survey is done quadrennially due to resource constraints).
 EIA-457A-G, Residential Energy Consumption Survey - Section 205(k) of the DOE Organization Act (the Act calls for a triennial survey; however, this survey is done quadrennially due to resource constraints).
 EIA-871A-F, Commercial Buildings Energy Consumption Survey - Section 205(k) of the DOE Organization Act (the Act calls for a triennial survey; however, this survey is done quadrennially due to resource constraints).
 Petroleum Marketing Surveys - Section 507 of Part A of Title V of the Energy Policy and Conservation Act of 1975 broadly directs EIA to collect information on the pricing, supply, and distribution of petroleum products by product category at the wholesale and retail levels, on a State-by-State basis, which was collected as of September 1, 1981, by the Energy Information Administration.
   ^ http://www.
eia.
gov/about/budget_performance.
cfm ^ a b "Public Law 95-91 - Aug 4, 1977".
 US Government Printing Office.
 Retrieved May 2014.
  ^ Brian Baskin (March 18, 2010).
 "Shortcomings Exposed in Oil Data; DOE Documents, Consultants' Report Cite Outdated Methodology, Errors in EIA's Weekly Survey".
 Wall Street Journal.
  ^ "EIA has expanded the Monthly Energy Review (MER) to include annual data as far back as 1949 for those data tables that are found in both the Annual Energy Review (AER) and the MER.
 During this transition, EIA will not publish the 2012 edition of the AER.
".
 U.
S.
 Energy Information Administration.
 2013.
   Mount Jim Crow National Park is a national park in Queensland, Australia, 531 kilometres (330 mi) northwest of Brisbane.
 It lies just beside the main road between Rockhampton and Yeppoon.
 Camping is not permitted in the park and there are no facilities.
 The main feature of the park is Mount Jim Crow, a trachyte plug which is a remnant of an extinct volcano.
 The Darumbal people have traditionally regarded Mount Jim Crow as a significance place in their Dreamtime stories.
    Protected areas of Queensland  Juan Mart n Cueva Armijos (born October 9, 1966 in Quito, Ecuador) is an Ecuadorian documentary film director and the director of the Filmfestival "Cero Latitud" in Quito.
 His documentary film "Where the poles meet" won the Best Documentary at the IX Festival Internacional de Cine de Valdivia in Chile and at the Brouillon d un reve de la Scam in Paris on 1999.
 Cueva was born in Quito the first son of the diplomat and archaeologist Juan Cueva and his wife Magdalena Armijos.
 His paternal grandfather was the politician Carlos Cueva Tamar z, his uncle the painter Patricio Cueva Jaramillo and his cousin Fernando Cordero Cueva is the current (2011) president of the Ecuadorian Congress.
 Cueva spent his early childhood in many rural towns in Ecuador as his father worked as an archaeologist.
 The family moved later to Paris, where his father studied at the Sorbonne University and was later appointed Ambassador of Ecuador at the UNESCO.
 Cueva learned therefore French from an early age and later studied cinematography at the Institut National Superior des Arts du spectacle in Belgium.
 His documentaries have appeared at many Film Festivals in Ecuador and abroad such as Lateinamerikanische Filmtage 2008 in Munich and Chicago International Documentary Film Festival.
 He has also taught in many Ecuadorian universities such as the Universidad de las Am ricas, Escuela de Cine y Actuaci n INCIN and the Universidad San Francisco de Quito.
   Este maldito pa s (2008) El lugar donde se juntan los polos (2002) - Best Documentary Film at the Festival Internacional de Cine de Valdiviam, Best Screenplay at the Festival Latinoamericano de Rosario, Prize of the Festival Sur Realidades Bogot , Premio del 4to Festival de Cine Pobre Mexico and Prize Brouillon d un reve de la SCAM Paris Ning n ser humano es ilegal (2001) Marineros (1997)    Nate Newton (born October 9, 1979) is the bassist in hardcore punk band Converge.
 He also plays bass in Cavalera Conspiracy, and he plays guitar and sings in Old Man Gloom and Doomriders.
 Before relocating to the Boston area and joining Converge in 1999, he was in the Virginia Beach area hardcore punk bands Lift, Jesuit, Channel, Edison and Dwell.
 Jesuit, Edison, and Channel also featured Brian Benoit of Dillinger Escape Plan.
 In 2007, he contributed guest vocals on the songs "Responsibles" and "Tread on the Neck of Kings" from the album "Prey for Eyes" by the Boston, MA band The Red Chord and has been featured as a guest vocalist with many other bands such as The Hope Conspiracy, Coliseum, Some Kind of Hate, Mi Amore, The Ocean Collective, and Young Widows to name just a few.
 In late 2013, Newton was recruited by Cavalera Conspiracy to contribute on bass guitar for their third studio album.
   Bass '78 Fender Precision Bass Special '06 Fender Precision Bass Standard First Act Custom Shop Delgada Epiphone Precision Bass Amps Orange Thunderverb 200 Orange AD200B Ampeg 8x10 Anniversary SVT Ampeg 2x15 SVT     With Jesuit Jesuit (1996) Jesuit (1999) Discography (2011) With Converge The Poacher Diaries (1999) Deeper the Wound (2001) Jane Doe (2001) You Fail Me (2004) No Heroes (2006) Axe to Fall (2009) All We Love We Leave Behind (2012) With Old Man Gloom Seminar II: The Holy Rites of Primitivism Regressionism (2001) Seminar III: Zozobra (2001) Christmas Eve I and II + 6 (2003) Christmas (2004) No (2012) The Ape of God (2014) The Ape of God (2014) With Doomriders Black Thunder (2005) Long Hair and Tights (2007) Darkness Come Alive (2009) Grand Blood (2013) With Cavalera Conspiracy Pandemonium (2014)    Alton "Dee" McCann (born April 24, 1983) is a former professional gridiron football cornerback.
 He was drafted by the Detroit Lions in the sixth round of the 2006 NFL Draft, but also played for the Minnesota Vikings.
 He played college football for the West Virginia Mountaineers.
 McCann has also been a member of the Minnesota Vikings and Calgary Stampeders.
   McCann attended Greene County High School in Leakesville, Mississippi and was a student and a letterman in football.
 In football, he was an All-District selection as a running back.
   Before attending West Virginia University, he attended Jones County Junior College in Ellisville, Mississippi.
 McCann tallied up 72 tackles, five sacks, and three interceptions in 2003 at Jones, where he earned all-state and all-JUCO honors.
 McCann transferred to WVU in 2004, where he played cornerback throughout the season with All-American Pacman Jones.
 McCann only recorded 21 tackles for the season, but saw his first significant action against Virginia Tech, where he recorded two tackles against the Virginia Tech Hokies.
 With Pacman Jones out due to injury against Rutgers, McCann started.
 Against the Scarlet Knights, McCann recorded an interception, fumble recovery, two forced fumbles, and eight tackles.
 In the Gator Bowl against the Florida State Seminoles, McCann grabbed two interceptions and recorded six tackles.
 In his senior year of 2005, McCann finally took starting positions with Pacman Jones leaving for the pro draft.
 McCann ended the season ranked third on the Mountaineers with 64 tackles, two interceptions, and five pass break-ups.
 Along with safeties Mike Lorello and Jahmile Addae, McCann and the Mountaineers posted an 11-1 record after the 2006 Sugar Bowl win against the Georgia Bulldogs.
 McCann had an important fumble recovery in the first quarter of the 38-35 win.
     Dee McCann was drafted 179th overall in the sixth round by the Detroit Lions.
 McCann stayed on their roster until September 2, 2006, when he was released to the practice squad.
   In the 2007 Minnesota Vikings preseason, against the Cleveland Browns, McCann record his first stats of his pre-season career: two tackles.
 On January 6, 2008 following the end of the regular season, McCann was signed to a contract from the practice squad, but was soon released afterwards.
   McCann signed with the Calgary Stampeders on May 12, 2009.
 He was released on June 23, 2009.
  Ramos McDonald (born April 30, 1976 in Dallas, Texas) is a former cornerback in the NFL.
 He played three years in the NFL for the Minnesota Vikings, San Francisco 49ers, and New York Giants.
Herbert Russell Wakefield (1888 1964) was an English short story writer, novelist, publisher, and civil servant chiefly remembered today for his ghost stories.
   Wakefield was the third of four children of the clergyman Henry Russell Wakefield, who would become bishop of Birmingham in 1911.
 Born in Kent, he was educated at Marlborough College before attending University College, Oxford, where he took second-class honours in modern history and played first-class cricket, golf, hockey and football.
 From 1912 to 1914 he was secretary to Viscount Northcliffe; he then served with the Royal Scots Fusiliers in France and the Balkans during World War I, attaining the rank of captain.
 During the war Wakefield called on the British government to use Chinese workers to assist the UK war effort.
 Wakefield served as his father's secretary in 1920, when he accompanied the bishop on a lengthy tour of America.
 There he met and married Barbara Standish Waldo, an American woman whose parents were reputed to be wealthy.
 The Wakefields settled in London, where Wakefield went to work as a chief editor for the book publisher William Collins, Sons and Co.
, and she worked as a nurse.
 They were divorced in 1936, and in 1946 Wakefield was married again, to Jessica Sidney Davey.
 His experiences in the publishing world provided him with background material for several unusual and eerie tales, including "Messrs Turkes and Talbot.
" Shortly before he died, Wakefield's wife wrote August Derleth that her husband had destroyed his correspondence files, manuscripts and all photographs of himself.
   Wakefield's ghost stories were published in several collections during the course of his lengthy writing career: They Return at Evening (1928), Old Man's Beard: Fifteen Disturbing Tales (1929), Imagine a Man in a Box (1931), Ghost Stories (1932), A Ghostly Company (1935), The Clock Strikes Twelve: Tales of the Supernatural (1940), and Strayers from Sheol (1961).
 In 1946, August Derleth's Arkham House issued an expanded version of The Clock Strikes Twelve for the U.
S.
 market; they were also the publishers of Strayers from Sheol.
 In 1978, John Murray published The Best Ghost Stories of H.
 Russell Wakefield, edited by Richard Dalby, which spanned Wakefield's career and featured some previously uncollected tales.
 A series of collections comprising his complete output of published ghost stories was produced in the 1990s by Ash-Tree Press in limited editions that quickly went out of print.
 Ash-Tree also published a volume of previously unpublished stories, Reunion at Dawn and Other Uncollected Ghost Stories, in 2000.
 Wakefield's supernatural fiction was strongly influenced by the work of M.
 R.
 James and Algernon Blackwood.
 "The Red Lodge", "The Thirteenth Hole at Duncaster", "Blind Man's Buff", " Look Up There!
 " and " He Cometh and He Passeth By!
 " are among his most widely anthologised tales.
 Wakefield is best known for his ghost stories, but he produced work outside the field.
 He was greatly interested in the criminal mind and wrote two non-fiction criminology studies, The Green Bicycle Case (1930) (about a 1919 death in Leicestershire) and Landru: The French Bluebeard (1936).
 He also wrote three detective novels: Hearken to the Evidence (1933), Belt of Suspicion (1936) and Hostess of Death (1938).
 In 1968, BBC Television produced a dramatization of Wakefield's supernatural story "The Triumph of Death", starring Claire Bloom.
   Many critics consider Wakefield one of the great masters of the supernatural horror tale; his atmospheric work in the field has been frequently compared to that of M.
 R.
 James.
 August Derleth called him "the last major representative of a ghost story tradition that began with Sheridan Le Fanu and reached its peak with Montague Rhodes James".
 John Betjeman noted, "M.
 R.
 James is the greatest master of the ghost story.
 Henry James, Sheridan Le Fanu and H.
 Russell Wakefield are equal seconds.
" M.
 R.
 James himself was slightly more reserved in his praise, calling They Return at Evening "a mixed bag, from which I should remove one or two that leave a nasty taste" but also saying the book had "some admirable pieces, very inventive".
 H.
 P.
 Lovecraft claimed that Wakefield "manages now and then to hit great heights of horror despite a vitiating air of sophistication".
 Franz Rottensteiner described Wakefield as "perhaps the last .
.
.
 representative of the classic ghost story writer" and said that Wakefield's ghost stories have "a certain power".
 The horror historian R.
 S.
 Hadji included Wakefield's "The Frontier Guards" on his list of the most frightening horror stories.
 On the other hand, S.
 T.
 Joshi's view of Wakefield was negative: he has referred to Wakefield as "the mediocre H.
 Russell Wakefield".
 Criticism of Wakefield's work is scattered and uncollected.
 The majority of it exists in reprints of his collections, in brief articles in reference books, and in surveys such as Jack Sullivan's Elegant Nightmares: The English Ghost Story from Le Fanu to Blackwood (1978).
 Appraisals can be found in Supernatural Fiction Writers (Scribners, 1985), the St.
 James Guide to Horror, Ghost and Gothic Writers (St.
 James Press, 1998), and Supernatural Literature of the World (Greenwood Press, 2005).
    Robert de Wierre de Bonni res (Paris, 7 April 1850 - 7 April 1905) was a French poet, novelist, travel writer, journalist at Le Figaro and Le Gaulois, and literary critic.
 He was well acquainted with all literary figures of the period - Guy de Maupassant dedicated his novela La Folle to Bonni res in 1882.
 He collaborated with several composers, notably Vincent d'Indy who set several of his poems and provided the libretto for Indy's op ra comique Attendez-moi de, based on his own story Saugefleurie of 1885.
    Tony Burrello was an American jazz pianist and songwriter, perhaps best known for the 1953 novelty record "There's a New Sound", written with Tom Murray.
 Burrello and Murray started writing novelty songs after they were unsuccessful in having their more serious-minded songs recorded by prominent musicians.
 They noted the success of music that was seemingly intentionally bad, after hearing a disc jockey play a version of "Yes Sir, That's My Baby" sung in Japanese and featuring a geisha orchestra.
 According to Murray, the disc jockey said that the record was one of the top hits but also "one of the most horrible records he had ever heard".
  Burrello and Murray responded by creating the songs "There's a New Sound" and "Fish", which they released as a single.
 The former song's lyrics consist of a single chorus repeated five times, each time at a higher pitch.
 The lyrics describe a "new sound .
.
.
 the strangest sound that you have ever heard", which turns out to be "the sound that's made by worms".
 Burrello was credited as the artist on the single, which was released on Burrello and Murray's own record label, Horrible Record Co.
 as catalog #1.
 When Billboard magazine reviewed the single, it commented, "A weird one.
 'The new sound is the sound made by worms.
' Strange sound effects go with nonsense lyric.
 It's a studied attempt to be as screwy as possible.
 Quien Sabe?
" For the flip side, "Fish", Billboard s review was "Same comment".
 Burrello and Murray originally had only 500 copies of "There's a New Sound"/"Fish" issued, to be sent to disc jockeys as a protest record.
 However, within two weeks, they received orders for more than 100,000 copies of the single.
 Soon afterward, Burrello and Murray were called upon to write a song for Brucie Weil, who was then 6 years old.
 The song they wrote for Weil, "God Bless Us All", reached #18 on the Billboard singles chart.
 Burrello and Murray were soon called upon to write music for other artists, including a theme song for John Conte and special material for Tony Bennett.
 "There's a New Sound" was later featured often on the Dr.
 Demento show and performed by Scooter on The Muppet Show.
  Carl H.
 Ziese, (Moscow, 2 July 1848 - 5 December 1917) was a German mechanical engineer, railway machinery manufacturer and shipbuilder of East Prussian origin.
 Ziese was the son of Alexandr Ziese, the proprietor of a great machinery workshop.
 After the death of his father he went with his mother to the Hanseatic town of Kiel, improving his workshop experience on mechanical engineering, traveling to England and Scotland and studying Naval Architecture and Mechanical Engineering at the Arts and Industries Academy of Berlin.
 In 1873, aged 25, he married a daughter of Ferdinand Schichau, (1814 1896),a railway engines manufacturer and shipbuilder who has studied and visited prominent engineers in Berlin, and in England who had started his own company in Elbing, a former hanseatic town, (modern Elbl g, Poland, in 1837.
 He also built with his father in law a shipyard in Pillau, (present-day Baltijsk), near K nigsberg, (East Prussia) (today Kaliningrad Oblast).
 They built in 1877 the first torpedo boat ever ordered for the Russian Navy.
 His only daughter, n e Hildegard Ziese, married Swedish Engineer Carl Carlson, taking over as Hildegard Carlson the general running of the several thousand industrial workers from their shipyards and factories in what is now either Poland or the Russian Federation.
Baringo Central Constituency is an electoral constituency in Kenya.
 It is one of six constituencies in Baringo County, Rift Valley Province.
 The constituency was established for the 1966 elections.
 Kabarnet is the largest town located within this constituency.
 Daniel arap Moi served as the MP from 1966 until his retirement in 2002.
 At the 1963 elections, he won the Baringo North Constituency seat.
 Daniel arap Moi was also the president of Kenya from 1978 to 2002.
 The current Baringo Central MP is Sammy Mwaita of URP, a member of the ruling Jubilee Coalition.
      Jwalamalini or Jv l m lin  ( Sanskrit:  ,Kannada:  ) is the Yakshini (guardian spirit) of the Eighth Tirthankara, Shri Bhagwan Chandraprabhu in Jainism and was one of the most widely invoked Yakshinis in Karnataka during the early medieval period.
   Jv l  refers to the glow of fire,m lin  implies one of bears the garlands (of).
 She appears in various Puranas,the Vayu Purana associates her with Shiva,the Brahmanda purana and the Matsya purana associate her with Shakti.
   Digambara mythology also represents the goddess as the lady of fire glow.
 Jain literature also recognize her as Vahni Dev  or the fire goddess.
 Her iconic forms depict her with flames issuing forth from her head.
 She is also described as adorned with rising flames of fire.
   This deity has got Tantric affiliations.
 According to the literature Jv lini Kalpa, a cult in her honor was started by a Jain tantrik teacher of the monastic order called Dravida gana.
 A legend has it that,the Goddess herself,instructed Helacharya to systematize the occult lore sacred to her.
 From the inscriptions it is evident that exorcising rites were performed in her honour.
   The location of the Simhanagadde Jwalamalini Devi temple, which is a sacred place for all Jains, is located at Narsimharajapur in Chikmagalur district in Indian state of Karnataka  The place where Helacharya propounded his system is described as Malaya Hemagrama in the south identifiable with Maleyur in the Chamrajnagar Taluk of the Mysore district in the state of Karnataka.
 As described in an inscription dated 909 CE this place is holy to the Jain disciples.
The inscription also registers a grant in the favor of a Jain temple.
  Allis is a surname.
 Notable people with the surname include: Edward P.
 Allis, founder of what was to become Allis-Chalmers, and prominent in the Greenback Movement Charles David Allis (born 1951), American biologist John Allis (born 1942), American cyclist Louis Allis (1916 1994), American industrialist and Wisconsin Secretary of State Oswald T.
 Allis (1880 1973), American theologian William Allis (1901 1999), an American theoretical physicist specializing in electrical discharges in gasesLi nik Du y-Kolonia [ li nik  du  k l a] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Go cierad w, within Kra nik County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland.
  The Belltower was an American alternative rock band from New York City often associated with the shoegazing scene, with members who later joined Luna and Fountains of Wayne.
   The band was formed by singers/guitarists Britta Phillips and Jody Porter in the early 1990s.
 They added Mark Browning, before relocating to London in 1990, where they recorded their debut EP Exploration Day, with Terry Bickers acting as producer.
 One of the earliest American bands to be considered part of the "shoegazing" genre, in reality they were more pop-oriented, gaining comparisons with artists including The Cure, The Sundays, and Swervedriver.
 The song "Exploration Day" was named by the NME as "single of the week".
 Two more singles followed before the band's only album, Popdropper, was released in 1992.
 Phillips and Porter returned to the United States and recruited Adam Schlesinger on bass, although there would only be one further release, the "Underwatertown" single in 1995, before the band split up in 1996.
 Porter later performed with Fountains of Wayne, for whom Schlesinger played bass, and later formed Astrojet.
 Schlesinger also played with Ivy.
 Phillips joined Ultrababyfat, and later Ben Lee and Luna, after which she continued a partnership with Dean Wareham.
   Jody Porter - vocals/guitar Britta Phillips - vocals/guitar Nino Dmytryszyn - drums Mark Browning - bass/vocals Adam Schlesinger - bass     Exploration Day EP (1991) Ultimate Tour 7" (1991) "(Lost) In Hollow" (1991) Ultimate (also released as a promo in the US on east West) "Flight" (1992) Ultimate "Underwatertown" (1995) Scratchie   Popdropper (1992) Ultimate/East West    Colonia Delta is a Mennonite agricultural settlement in San Jos  Department, Uruguay.
 It is located 97 km west of Montevideo, near the Arroyo Pav n, not far from Route 1.
 Established in 1955 by Vistula delta Mennonites who came from West Prussia, Danzig and Poland to Uruguay.
 Its Spanish name refers to the Vistula delta.
 As of 2011, it had 41 inhabitants.
   Mennonites in Uruguay   This article incorporates information from the equivalent article on the Spanish Wikipedia.
  Distortrix anus is a species of medium-sized sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Personidae, the Distortio snails.
        Evan Dunfee (born September 28, 1990) is a Canadian race walker.
 He is the Canadian record holder, setting the record for the for the 20 kilometres race walk at 1:20:13 and also the 15 km walk at 1:00:06+ in progress at the 2014 IAAF World Race Walking Cup in Taicang, China.
 Both records also count as North American area records.
 Teammate I aki G mez set the national record for the 10 km race walk in the same race.
 He competed for his national team in the 50K walk at the 2013 World Championships, finishing in under 4 hours at 3:59:28.
 He won a bronze medal with his team at the 2013 World University Games where two of the winning Russian race walkers, Denis Strelkov and Andrey Ruzavin have since been suspended for doping violations.
 Dunfee is the 2012 champion and record holder for the 20 km walk at the NACAC Under-23 Championships in Athletics.
 He was the silver medalist at the Athletics at the 2013 Jeux de la Francophonie.
 He has several near misses finishing fourth at the 2009 Pan American Race Walking Cup, the 2013 Pan American Race Walking Cup and the 2012 Oceania Race Walking Championships and sixth at the 2010 Commonwealth Games usually very close to teammate and training partner Gomez.
 Dunfee lives in Richmond, British Columbia, training up to 50 km a day while also studying Kinesiology at the University of British Columbia.
 In his free time he is an active blogger both for his own diary and for Athletics Canada where he is the leading journalist/investigator of the doping scandal and coverup surrounding Russian coach Viktor Chegin.
 His work has been quoted by Associated Press and Inside the Games He set his 50 km personal best of 3:58:34 on December 14, 2014 at the Australian National Championships in Melbourne.
    Secondary sex characteristics are features that appear during puberty in humans and sexual maturity in other animals, especially those that distinguish the two sexes of a species, but that are not directly part of the reproductive system.
 They are believed to be the product of sexual selection for traits which give an individual an advantage over its rivals in courtship and aggressive interactions.
 They are distinguished from the primary sex characteristics   the sex organs   which are directly necessary for reproduction to occur.
 Well-known secondary sex characteristics include manes of male lions and long feathers of male peacocks.
 Other dramatic examples include the tusks of male narwhals, enlarged proboscises in male elephant seals and proboscis monkeys, the bright facial and rump coloration of male mandrills, and horns in many goats and antelopes.
 Male birds and fish of many species have brighter coloration or other external ornaments.
 Differences in size between sexes are also considered secondary sexual characteristics.
 In humans, visible secondary sex characteristics include enlarged breasts of females and facial hair and adam's apple on males.
    Charles Darwin hypothesized that sexual selection, or competition within a species for mates, can explain observed differences between sexes in many species.
 Biologists today distinguish between "male-to-male combat" and "mate choice", usually female choice of male mates.
 Sexual characteristics due to combat are such things as antlers, horns, and greater size.
 Characteristics due to mate choice, often referred to as ornaments, include brighter plumage, coloration, and other features that have no immediate purpose for survival or combat.
 Ornamentation might arise because of some arbitrary female preference that is initially amplified by random genetic drift, eventually being reinforced by active selection for males with the appropriate ornament.
 This is known as the sexy son hypothesis.
 An alternative hypothesis is that some of the genes that enable males to develop impressive ornaments or fighting ability may be correlated with fitness markers such as disease resistance or a more efficient metabolism.
 This idea is known as the good genes hypothesis.
    Sexual differentiation begins during gestation, when the gonads are formed.
 General habitus and shape of body and face, as well as sex hormone levels, are similar in prepubertal boys and girls.
 As puberty progresses and sex hormone levels rise, differences appear, though puberty causes some similar changes in male and female bodies.
 Male levels of testosterone directly induce growth of the testicles and penis, and indirectly (via dihydrotestosterone (DHT)) the prostate.
 Estradiol and other hormones cause breasts to develop in females.
 However, fetal or neonatal androgens may modulate later breast development by reducing the capacity of breast tissue to respond to later estrogen.
   In males, testosterone directly increases size and mass of muscles, vocal cords, and bones, deepening the voice, and changing the shape of the face and skeleton.
 Converted into DHT in the skin, it accelerates growth of androgen-responsive facial and body hair, but may slow and eventually stop the growth of head hair.
 Taller stature is largely a result of later puberty and slower epiphyseal fusion.
 Growth of body hair, including underarm, abdominal, chest hair and pubic hair.
 Loss of scalp hair due to androgenic alopecia can also occur.
 Greater mass of thigh muscles in front of the femur, rather than behind it as is typical in mature females Growth of facial hair Enlargement of larynx (Adam's apple) and deepening of voice Increased stature; adult males are taller than adult females, on average Heavier skull and bone structure Increased muscle mass and strength Larger hands, feet and nose than women, prepubescent boys, and girls Larger bodies Square face Small waist, but wider than females Broadening of shoulders and chest; shoulders wider than hips Increased secretions of oil and sweat glands, often causing acne and body odor Coarsening or rigidity of skin texture due to less subcutaneous fat Higher waist-to-hip ratio than prepubescent or adult females or prepubescent males, on average Lower bodyfat percentage than prepubescent or adult females or prepubescent males, on average Enlargement (growth) of the penis   In females, breasts are a manifestation of higher levels of estrogen; estrogen also widens the pelvis and increases the amount of body fat in hips, thighs, buttocks, and breasts.
 Estrogen also induces growth of the uterus, proliferation of the endometrium, and menses.
 Enlargement of breasts and erection of nipples.
 Growth of body hair, most prominently underarm and pubic hair Greater development of thigh muscles behind the femur, rather than in front of it Widening of hips; lower waist to hip ratio than adult males Smaller hands and feet than men Elbows that hyperextend 5-8  more than men Rounder face Smaller waist than men Upper arms approximately 2 cm longer, on average, for a given height Changed distribution in weight and fat; more subcutaneous fat and fat deposits, mainly around the buttocks, thighs, and hips Labia minora, the inner lips of the vulva, may grow more prominent and undergo changes in color.
   Body shape Estrogenic fat Female body shape Menstrual cycle Sex differences in humans Sexual dimorphism Virilization     "Sexual Maturity".
 Technical Issues in Reproductive Health.
 Columbia University.
 May 2, 2008.
 <http://www.
columbia.
edu/itc/hs/pubhealth/modules/reproductiveHealth/anatomy.
html>.
 Judson, Olivia (2003).
 Dr.
 Tatiana's Sex Advice to All Creation: Definitive Guide to the Evolutionary Biology of Sex.
 London: Vintage.
 ISBN 978-0-09-928375-1.
 Lloyd, Jillian et al.
 "Female Genital Appearance: 'Normality' unfolds" British Journal of Obstetrics and Gynecology.
 Vol 12, Issue 5.
 May 2005.
 http://onlinelibrary.
wiley.
com/doi/10.
1111/j.
1471-0528.
2004.
00517.
x/fullal-'Azi (Hebrew:    ) is an Arab village in Israel.
 Located just south of Kfar Menahem, it falls under the jurisdiction of Yoav Regional Council.
 In 2012 it had a population of 187.
 The village was officially recognized in 2003 but existed long before then.
 The Trans-Israel Highway was built on land owned by the village, with the village given land owned by neighbouring kibbutz Kfar Menahem as compensation.
   Arab localities in Israel  Les Rosiers-sur-Loire is a commune in the Maine-et-Loire department in western France.
   Communes of the Maine-et-Loire department  G nter Grosswig is a retired East German slalom canoeist who competed in the mid-to-late 1950s.
 He won two medals in the C-2 team event at the ICF Canoe Slalom World Championships with a silver in 1955 and a bronze in 1957.
  European Neuropsychopharmacology is a monthly peer-reviewed scientific journal published by Elsevier.
 It is the official journal of the European College of Neuropsychopharmacology.
 It was established in November 1990 and covers clinical and basic research relevant to the effects of centrally acting agents in its broadest sense.
 According to the Journal Citation Reports, the journal has a 2013 impact factor of 5.
395, ranking it 17th out of 194 journals in the category "Clinical Neurology", 17th out of 135 journals in the category "Psychiatry", and 19th out of 254 journals in the category "Pharmacology and Pharmacy".
   List of psychiatry journals    The Rakovica Revolt (Croatian: Rakovi ka buna) was an armed uprising in 1871 led by Croatian politician Eugen Kvaternik against authorities of Austria-Hungary, with the aim of establishing an independent Croatian state at the time when it was part of Austria-Hungary.
 The uprising, named after the village of Rakovica in south-central Croatia where it started, lasted only four days in October 1871, and ended in defeat for Croatian rebels.
     Eugen Kvaternik had planned to launch a rebellion years earlier against what was then the Austrian Empire since 1859.
 However, he failed to secure allies in either Italy or Hungary to participate in the cause.
 Kvaternik planned a revolt without notifying anybody from Party of Rights, including its leader Ante Star evi .
 Kvaternik's idea was creation of an independent Croatian state, union of Croatian Military Frontier with provincial Croatia and their secession from Austria-Hungary.
 Kvaternik planned a revolt months before, already issuing a seal of a new Croatian state.
 The population of the Croatian Military Frontier did not support an unification with the Kingdom of Croatia following the Croatian-Hungarian Agreement, as Croatia was under Hungarian influence, while the Frontiers supported the ruling dynasty (Austria).
 This made conditions for the revolt much harder than Kvaternik expected.
 Another bad condition for the revolution was its location; the village of Rakovica and the area of Kordun was mostly populated by Orthodox Serbs of Croatia.
 However, a large number of the local Orthodox population supported Kvaternik.
   Kvaternik gathered rebels in Bro anac village on October 7, 1871, and on the same day Kvaternik declared the Croatian People's Government and the rebels declared him president.
 Soon he gained supporters from the villages of Rakovica, Bro anac, Brezovac, Ma vina, Plav a Draga and Gornja Mo ila.
 Kvaternik's government also made a declaration where he represented equality before the law, municipal self-governing, the abolition of military administration in the Croatian Military Frontier and introduction of free counties.
 In order to get to the border with Bosnia Vilayet which was part of the Ottoman Empire at the time, the rebels concluded that needed to capture the village of Dre nik.
 Rakija  advanced with 300 men into Dre nik, however, the population refused to join them, so Rakija  returned to Rakovica.
 On October 9, Kvaternik led the attack on Pla ki, at which time the Austro-Hungarian Army reacted and sent Ogulin Regiment to deal with rebels, which upon arriving saw the majority of Kvaternik's 1700 rebels escaping.
 On October 10, Kvaternik's rebellion was crushed, and he was executed on October 11, along with Bach, Rakija  and one of the  ui  brothers (the other one took refuge in Serbia).
   The revolt ultimately failed.
 Immediately after rebellion, on 10 October, the Austrian government began the arrests.
 On November 11, the court sentenced seven participants to hanging, including Petar Ugarkovi , Petar  ui , Marko Milo evi , Janko  ui , Ilija  a a, Jozo Stregar and Petar Tepavac.
 Since there were no executioners available at that exact time, the convicts were shot in the same day.
 On October 14, Lazo  ui , Filip Milanovi , Petar Do en, Miladin  a a were sentenced to death; Mladin  a a's conviction was changed to 18 years in a dungeon.
 During the night of October 12/13, all citizens with the Star evi  surname were arrested.
 Among others arrested was Petar Vrdoljak who was sentenced to 12 years in a dungeon, Rudolf Fabijani who was later released, Franjo Turkalj and Milovan Miljkovi  who were sentenced to 14 years in a dungeon, Maksim  uri  who was sentenced to 8 years in a dungeon, Lazo  a a who was sentenced 4 years in a dungeon, Mihael Bosni , Petar Vojnovi , Mihajlo Majnolovi  and Stjepan  akovi  who were released.
 On October 16, Franjo Ra ki informed Josip Juraj Strossmayer about one of Kvaternik's plans if the revolt would have been successful.
 In letters found with the corpses of Kvaternik and Bach, it was stated that they would eliminate Ivan Ma urani  (who led a friendly policy with Austria at the time), Matija Mrazovi , Franjo Ra ki,  uro Crnadak and Nikola Kre i .
 Also, before the rebellion started, Austria-Hungary was governed by the government of Karl Sigmund von Hohenwart.
 His government had planned to federalize Austria-Hungary into three major parts: Austrian, Hungarian and South Slavic (Croatian) parts.
 The Hungarian ruling elite was against such measures, namely Hungarian Prime Minister Gyula Andr ssy who advocated Croatian subordination to Hungary.
 Andr ssy represented Croats as opponents of the Franz Joseph's regime so he used Kvaternik's rebellion as an example, since Kvaternik had in mind to declare Croatia independent from Austro-Hungarian rule.
 This led to fall of Hohenwart's government and abandonment of federalism.
   A statue of Kvaternik in Rakovica was unveiled in 1933, only to be destroyed during World War II.
 The restored statue was destroyed by Serbian soldiers during the War in Croatia, but was once again restored.
     Horvat, Josip.
 "Graditelj Ma urani  [Builder Ma urani ]".
 In  idovec, Zdravko (in Croatian).
 Politi ka povijest Hrvatske [Political History of Croatia].
 1.
 Zagreb: ITRO Augustin Cesarec.
 ISBN 86-393-0151-4.
Mappila Bay (or Moppila Bay) is a natural harbor situated in Ayikkara Kannur town, Kerala state of South India.
 On one side of the bay is Fort St.
 Angelo, built by the Portuguese in the 15th century and the other side is the Arakkal Palace.
 The bay was famous during the Kolathiri's regime as a commercial harbour that linked Kolathunadu with Lakshadweep and foreign countries, in imports.
   Ayikkara St.
 Angelo Fort Arakkal Kingdom Cannanore Lighthouse KannurBig Fun is the sixth full-length release from Towa Tei released in 2009.
 The music stays in the same electronic style as his previous work, Flash.
   Y.
O.
R.
 Taste of You Out of My Addiction of Love Lyricist Twinkle Twinkle Little Star A.
O.
R.
 Ch.
Galaxy Mind Wall Siesta All  Ersa is a commune of the Haute-Corse department of France on the island of Corsica.
   Ersa is the northernmost commune of Corsica.
 It extends from Centuri to the West, to Rogliano to the East.
 Ersa is covered with shrubs and arid summits.
 The coast, which is carved to the West by the Cape Grossu (Cape Grosso) and the Punta of Corno of Becco, has beautiful beaches of sand and pebbles.
 The commune is watered by the streams Acqua Tignose and Granaghjulu on its undulating slopes of the Mount Maghjore (364 m).
   The ancient Latin name of Ersa is Arsia.
 Human occupation predated Roman conquest.
 The commune experienced Turkish occupation during 1555 to 1571.
 In 1592 the Republic of Genoa annexed Ersa, which allied itself to Pasquale Paoli in 1757.
 Until the 17th century, the Cape Corse was the target of frequent incursions of barbaric pirates.
 When Corse joined France at the end of the 17th century there were 1130 inhabitants, highly involved in the cultivation of grapes for wine.
 Since then the population has dropped to about 135 inhabitants.
   The villages of the commune of Ersa lie between the two summits.
 They are connected by the departmental route D80.
 'Rota' 'Boticella' - this dominant village is grouped of the chapel Saint Jean-Baptiste; 'Cucincu' - in the small hamlet discovers itself the chapel Saint-Peters 'Granaghjulu' - the mansions are perched and the lanes compact - the church Saint Andrew and its steeple are historic monuments.
 'Guadellu'- the vast church Saint Andrew, today ruined, is the intermediate of the chapel of confraternity Santa-Croce.
 'Gualdu' - this hamlet in the middle of Piazza raises itself to a square tower and the chapel Sainte- Anne 'Piazza': Chief town an ancient convent of Capucins dating to the 17th century and sheltering the town hall, the school and the room of functions - the ancient church of the convent, Santa-Maria-Assunta, is today a parish - with the likewise chapel Saint-Antonie 'Poghju'- one discovers here a round tower, hence the chapels Saint-Joseph and Saint-Roch 'Suertu'- this village abandon to the ?
 San Nicolau is always dominated by the ruined chapel of the same name.
 The ancient small port of Barcaghju, situated at the rear of the bay, near to the mouth of river Acqua Tignose, offers a panorama of the island of Giraglia.
 It occupies the location of a pre-Roman village.
 One finds here the chapel of Saint Peter and 2 km (1.
2 mi) to the south the wrecked chapel Saint-Lucie.
 Its grand beach of fine sand presents a spectacular sand-dune.
 Near the commune of Rogliano, is the Genoese tower of Agnello, framing on the headland of Cape Agnello.
 The second sea-front, Tollare, at the mouth of the River Granaghjulu, extends its ancient mansions around that of its chapel Saint-Anne and its round Genoese tower.
     The old garbage dump has been removed.
 A new garbage recycling site has been created since 1 January 2009.
 20 wind turbines (aerogenerators) have been erected (13 on Ersa and 7 on the neighbouring Rogliano).
 Inquiries of the French justice were undertaken because money was stolen for private and political purpose.
   Communes of the Haute-Corse department   INSEEM lk was a type of land tenure under the Ottoman empire.
     M lk was similar to freehold land; owners could buy, sell, and mortgage freely.
 It was exempt from some kinds of land taxes.
 M lk was about more than just the land; it might also include the right to annual malikane payments from tenants and farmers.
   In much of the near east, m lk can be contrasted against miri, which was effectively state-controlled land (perhaps a former m lk forfeited to the state when the owner had no heir to pass it on to).
 In some ways, m lk was similar to vakuf property.
    iftlik Iltizam Tapu resmi Sinirname Malikane Miri mawat: Dead land, or wilderness.
  In Belarus, there are both privately held and state-owned newspapers.
 Below is a list of newspapers published in Belarus.
 These newspapers are published in Minsk, unless otherwise noted.
   Zviazda ( , 40,000 copies) [5], the largest state-controlled Belarusian language newspaper.
 Novy Chas (   , 7,000 copies) [6] Nasha Slova (   , 7,000 copies), newspaper about culture and history, published by the Francishak Skaryna Belarusian Language Society Na a Niva (   ; 6,000 copies) [7], the oldest Belarusian weekly newspaper founded in 1906 and revived in 1991, pro-opposition Holas Radzimy (   i , 2,000 copies) [8], government-controlled newspaper for the Belarusian diaspora Narodnya Naviny Vitsebska (     ) [9] - on-line newspaper from Vitsebsk Pahonia ( ) [10] - pro-opposition newspaper formerly published in Hrodna.
 In 2001 closed down by the government, since then on-line   Sovetskaya Belorussia (   ; over 500,000 copies) [11], the largest national newspaper, official newspaper of the Administration of the President of Belarus Respublika ( ; 119,500 copies) [12], official newspaper of the Government of Belarus Vo Slavu Rodiny (     ; 32,300 copies) [13], official newspaper of the Belarusian Ministry of Defense Narodnaya Gazeta (   , 25,042 copies) [14], official newspaper of the Parliament of Belarus BelGazeta ( , 21,200 copies) [15], independent national newspaper on business and politics Belorusy i rynok (     , 12,000 copies) [16], weekly independent business newspaper 7 Dney (7  ; Seven Days) [17] Belorusskaya Delovaya Gazeta ( ; BDG) [18], formerly the largest independent newspaper on politics and business in 1990s (with about 70,000 copies), closed down by officials in 2006 Belaruski Chas ( i  ) [19] Belorusskaya Lesnaya Gazeta (     ; 23,000 copies) [20], a specialized professional newspaper on forestry Bobruyskiy Kurier (   ) [21] - published in Bobruysk Brestskiy Kurier (   ) [22] - published in Brest Gomelskaya Pravda (   ) [23] - published in Gomel Infa-Kurjer (I - ' ) [24] - published in Slutsk Dnyaprovets ( ) [25] - published in Rechitsa Meditsinskiy Vestnik (   ) [26] Minsk na Ladonyah (     ; Minsk on the Palms) [27] Minskiy Kurier (   ) [28] Muzykalnaya Gazeta (   ; Music Newspaper) [29] Nedvizhimost Belorussii (   ; Real Estate of Belarus) [30] Respublikanskaya Stroitel'naya Gazeta (     ; Republic Construction Newspaper)  Vecherniy Grodno (   ) [31] - published in Grodno Vecherniy Minsk (   ; Evening Minsk) [32] Vitebskiy Kurier (   ) [33] - published in Vitebsk Zheleznodorozhnik Belorussii (   ; Railroad Worker of Belarus) [34]   Narodnaja Volia (   , 15,000 copies), the largest national pro-opposition newspaper on politics [35] Hazeta Slonimskaya (   ;    ; 7,000 to 8,000 copies) [36], an independent local newspaper published in Slonim Intex-Press ( - , 17,300 copies) [37], an independent local newspaper published in Baranavichy Zhodzinskiya Naviny (   ; Zhodino News) [38] - published in Zhodzina Vecherniy Brest (   ; Evening Brest) [39] - published in Brest   List of newspapers  Rutten is a village in the municipality of Tongeren, Limburg province, Belgium.
 Located in the Haspengouw region, it was a separate municipality until its merger into Tongeren in 1977.
 Rutten's townscape is protected by the Flemish regional government.
Johann Jacob Diesbach was a German pigment and dye producer known for his accidental discovery of a method for making a blue known as Prussian blue, AKA iron blue, Berlin blue.
 In 1706 Diesbach was working in the laboratory of the alchemist Johann Konrad Dippel in Berlin.
 Using iron sulphate and potash to create cochineal red lake, he used potash that was mixed with animal oil.
 The result was a very pale red which he concentrated to purple, later a deep blue.
 While neither one of them knew what exactly happened the formula was the first modern synthetic paint, and an important discovery, because at that time the alternative blue pigments were either not very successful or affordable for large scale use.
  The 1988 Internationaux de Strasbourg was a tennis tournament played on outdoor clay courts in Strasbourg in France and was part of Tier V of the 1988 WTA Tour.
 The tournament ran from May 16 through May 22, 1988.
       Sandra Cecchini defeated  Judith Wiesner 6 3, 6 0 It was Cecchini's 1st title of the year and the 8th of her career.
     Manon Bollegraf /  Nicole Provis defeated  Jenny Byrne /  Janine Tremelling 7 5, 6 7, 6 3 It was Bollegraf's only title of the year and the 1st of her career.
 It was Provis' only title of the year and the 1st of her career.
  Beyond the Door (Italian: Oltre la porta, and also known as Beyond Obsession) is a 1982 Italian drama film directed by Liliana Cavani.
   Marcello Mastroianni as Enrico Sommi Eleonora Giorgi as Nina Tom Berenger as Matthew Jackson Michel Piccoli as Mr.
 Mutti Paolo Bonetti Maria Sofia Amendolea as Secretary Enrico Bergier Marcia Briscoe as Nina's Friend Cicely Browne as Nina's Grandmother Hadija Lahnida as Hassan's Sister Leandro Marcoccio as Ira Atik Mohamed as Stranded Motorist Abdelkader Moutaa Mahjoub Raji Fatima Regragui as Grandmother's Housekeeper Giuseppina Romagnoli as Enrico's Prostitute Gary Shebex Hammadi Tounsi Bill Willis as Matthew's Hardhat Buddy    Zepernick (in German Bahnhof Zepernick) is a railway station in the village of Zepernick, Germany, part of the municipality of Panketal.
 It is served by the Berlin S-Bahn and a local bus line.
  1438 Wendeline (1937 TC) is a main-belt asteroid discovered on October 11, 1937 by K.
 Reinmuth at Heidelberg.
  Standing Up Straight is the second studio album by English post-punk band The Wolfgang Press.
 It was released on 1 May 1986, through record label 4AD.
   "I Am the Crime" features vocals by Cocteau Twins vocalist and label-mate Elizabeth Fraser.
   All songs written and composed by Andrew Gray, Mark Cox and Michael Allen.
    AllMusic called it "a challenging, even punishing album, but a rewarding one as well.
"   The Wolfgang Press   production, sleeve art direction Additional personnel Gini Ball   violin on "Dig a Hole" and "I Am the Crime", viola on "I Am the Crime" John Fryer   marimba on "Ghost", percussion on "Rotten Fodder", production, programming, engineering Elizabeth Fraser   vocals (additional) on "I Am the Crime" Martin McGarrick   cello on "I Am the Crime" Technical 23 Envelope   sleeve design, typography and photography Chris Bigg   sleeve typography Ruth Rowland   sleeve typography    Junichi Tanaka (   , Tanaka Junichi, born October 23, 1993) is a Filipino-Japanese football player.
 His father is a Japanese from the Hyogo Prefecture, while his mother is a Filipina from Cotabato.
      Aigialosaurus is an extinct genus of mosasauroid within the family Aigialosauridae.
 Its fossils have been found in Europe.
 It contains two species, Aigialosaurus dalmaticus and Aigialosaurus bucchichi.
 Aigialosaurs were some of the oldest and most primitive ancestors of mosasaur and were closely related to monitor lizards.
  Patrik Isaksson (born August 3, 1972 in Husby, Stockholm) is a Swedish singer and songwriter.
 He competed in Swedish Melodifestivalen 2006 with the song Faller du s  faller jag and again in 2008, with the song Under mitt tunna skinn.
 In 2012 he competed in the Danish Dansk Melodi Grand Prix 2012 with the song "Venter", a duet with Christian Br ns.
          The Delphi Bureau is an American dramatic television series aired in the United States by ABC as one of three elements of The Men, a wheel series shown as part of its 1972-73 schedule.
 The Delphi Bureau starred Laurence Luckinbill as Glenn Garth Gregory, a man with a photographic memory, whose obscure United States Government "agency" ostensibly did obscure research for the President of the United States.
 Its actual role was counter-espionage and its main operative was Gregory, whose liaison with the group's unnamed superiors was Sybil Van Lowreen (Anne Jeffreys), a Washington D.
C.
 society hostess.
 (Celeste Holm had played Sybil Van Lowreen in the series' pilot film.
) A framing design for each episode involved a limerick, a single new line of which was added for each segment of the show, until the entire limerick was completed in the final segment.
   Brooks, Tim and Marsh, Earle, The Complete Directory to Prime Time Network and Cable TV Shows  Talavera is a first class municipality in the province of Nueva Ecija, Philippines.
 According to the 2010 census, it had a population of 112,515 people.
 It is bordered by Cabanatuan, Science City of Mu oz, Aliaga, General Mamerto Natividad and Sto.
 Domingo.
   Talavera is politically subdivided into 53 barangays.
   Present-day Talavera was formerly a barrio of Cabanatuan City.
 It was called  Katugian  which means a place abundant in  Tugue,  an edible root crop.
 The distance between Cabanatuan's town center and Katugian was critical during the early phase of its development although it was only 15 kilometres (9.
3 mi).
 The parish-curate at that time recommended to the Spanish administrators a separate and independent administration of Katugian.
 By a royal decree issued on November 12, 1852, the plan making Katugian a town was approved.
 There was no formal inauguration of the new town in accordance with the royal decree.
 However, the Augustinian parish-curate of Cabanatuan, Fr.
 Gregorio Crisostomo, appointed the first officials of the town by sending his co-adjutor, a certain Pedro Estanislao Pascual, to handle the religious phase of the administration of the new town during Sundays and Holidays only.
 The first barrios that composed the new town were La Torre, Pulong Buli (Now Sto.
 Domingo), Concepcion and Valle.
 Based on the petition presented to the Alcalde Mayor (governor) of Nueva Ecija, forwarded to the governor general in Manila, the  Talavera of the Crown of the Princess  was approved on February 17, 1853, by the Governor General.
 In 1954, Talavera lost some territory when the barrios of General Luna, Morcon, Mabini, Ricarte, Casili, and Picon, together with sitios Plaridel and Bosque were separated to form the town of Llanera along with some territory from Rizal and San Jose.
 The municipality s terrain is relatively flat, with slope ranging from 0 to 3%.
 Due to the flat topography, the land is suited for agricultural, commercial or industrial development.
      Majority of Talavera's populace is Roman Catholic, served by St.
 Isidore the Worker Parish Church.
 Other religious groups have churches and places of worship in the municipality.
    Many government projects beneficial to the municipality's citizens were constructed, including the Nueva Ecija University of Science and Technology Municipal Government of Talavera(NEUST MGT), an extension campus of the said university; Talavera Eternal Park, the municipality's cemetery; a town library, a government-run drugstore, and a tourist attraction called Tren ng Bayan, a kiddie ride that goes around the town park.
 There are also tourist attractions in Talavera.
 It has a town plaza situated near the municipal hall.
 Crystal Waves Hotel and Resort is a prominent attraction situated in Brgy.
 Dinarayat.
   There are 24.
77 kilometres (15.
39 mi) of national roads, including the 16.
93 kilometres (10.
52 mi) Maharlika Highway/Asian Highway 26 that passes through the municipality.
 Due to its central location, the Municipality of Talavera is one of the pivotal transport points in Central Luzon.
 Talavera is accessible by all means of land transportation.
 Regular jeepney trips are from 5:00 am to 9:00 pm.
 Tricycles are available 24 hours a day.
 Several bus companies also use the Talavera route from Cagayan Valley and Aurora Province to Manila, Cabanatuan City, San Jose City, Baguio City and other destinations.
 The proposed Talavera Municipality Diversion Road include the Baluga- La Torre- Dimasalang Sur- Gulod- Bantug Hacienda- Campos- Burnay- Sicsican Matanda- and Bagong Silang with an approximate length of 11.
4 kilometres (7.
1 mi).
 The diversion road when constructed will improve the settlements, the movement of goods and services and even the flow of traffic in the municipality.
 This project will include drainage and 1 RCDG bridge.
    In terms of education, Talavera is served by both public and DepEd-accredited private schools.
 The largest elementary school is Talavera Central School, situated in the town proper.
 The largest secondary educational institution is Talavera National High School, colloquially knows as TNHS.
 In terms of healthcare, Talavera's populace is served by Dr.
 Paulino J.
 Garcia Memorial Hospital, a public hospital simply known as PJG.
 Medical and dental clinics also serve the municipality.
      Alfred Steinberg (1917   February 6, 1995) was an American historian and biographer who, during his prolific career, wrote 20 books on American history and 200 magazine articles for Reader's Digest, Collier's Weekly and Harper's, among others.
 His books included biographies of Eleanor Roosevelt (Mrs.
 R), Presidents Harry Truman (The Man From Missouri) and Lyndon Johnson (Sam Johnson's Boy), Senator Tom Connally, House Speaker Sam Rayburn (Sam Rayburn), the first ten Presidents of the United States (The First Ten), and the political bosses who ruled the American political machines that dominated in the 1920s and 1930s (The Bosses).
 His twelve books for the Lives to Remember Series included biographies of Herbert Hoover, James Madison, John Adams, Woodrow Wilson, Douglas MacArthur, the Kennedy brothers, Admiral Richard Byrd and Daniel Webster.
 His magazine articles told about not only the Washington political landscape but nearly every aspect of the American experience.
 Steinberg was born in 1917 in St.
 Paul, Minnesota.
 He entered the University of Minnesota at 16 and graduated with both undergraduate and master's degrees in Political Science and Economics.
 He moved to Washington, D.
C.
 in 1940 with his wife also a University of Minnesota graduate (Economics) to work for the Federal government.
 His began his literary career in 1948 with his magazine article on the unlawful internment of Japanese-American citizens during World War II.
 His work was known for in depth original research and the ability to condense vast amounts of information into interesting and highly readable narrations.
 He died of a stroke on February 6, 1995 in Silver Spring, Maryland.
  Fania connectus is a species of moth of the Cossidae family.
 It is found in Texas.
 The wingspan is about 30 mm.
 The basal half of the forewings is light smoky brown and the outer half is paler and tinged with silvery white.
 There are numerous deep black transverse streaks besides two rather prominent postmedian irregular lines, connected together in the fold by a black streak.
 The hindwings are paler with only traces of reticulation.
 Adults are on wing from April to May and again in fall.
  The Moon Lay Hidden Beneath a Cloud (styled The Moon lay hidden beneath a Cloud) was an Austrian musical duo composed of Albin Julius and Alzbeth.
 Their music reflected their deep fascination with myriad aspects of European medievalism including ritual, clerical chants and the daily experience of the peasantry.
   Their music combined modern electronics, tape loops and samplers with medieval instruments such as the shawm, hurdy gurdy, and Hexenscheit.
 Alzbeth was the primary vocalist for the group and often sang traditional songs in numerous archaic languages including Middle High German, Latin and Old French.
 Julius provided distorted and backup vocals.
 When performing live, the band often played in old churches, fortresses, medieval prisons and theatres that provided an appropriate atmosphere for their static, militaristic performances.
 Early on, the band provided no official photographs or any more information outside of a Swiss mailing address found inside of the albums.
 The band rarely appeared live or granted interviews.
 No songs were ever given official titles.
 After their split, both of the duo were considerably more vocal and promotional images were released.
 With each subsequent release the band presented themes traveling further into European history and becoming more martial, choral and bombastic in approach, culminating in their final album; the largely World War II-inspired The Smell of Blood but Victory (1997).
 In 1998, the duo, also a couple, parted ways and recorded no new material.
 All of the group's music was released on their own Arthur's Round Table record label and distributed by World Serpent Distribution.
   At the same time as the recording of The Smell Of Blood But Victory, Julius released material on a then-side project he called Der Blutharsch.
 This has subsequently become Julius' main project after the split.
 Julius has since played live and released some Der Blutharsch covers of TMLHBAC material that he has claimed was originally intended for Der Blutharsch.
 Alzbeth did erect an official TMLHBAC website and has said that she will be releasing material by a musical project of her own.
 In 2000, Alzbeth released a book after the duo parted ways.
 This hard-back and cloth-bound book included lyrics, photographs and references for the historical themes used by the band.
 In 2004, likely spurred by the bankruptcy of World Serpent Distribution and the subsequent out of print status for the band's entire catalogue, Alzbeth announced through her mailing list that Julius and she had decided to rerelease their back catalogue in some form in the future.
          Topsy Turvy is the second studio album released by blues guitarist Guitar Shorty (David Kearney).
 The album was released in 1993 on CD by the label Black Top.
 The tracks "I'm So Glad I Met You", "Mean Husband Blues", "The Bottom Line" and "Hard Life" would later appear on Shorty's compilation album, The Best of Guitar Shorty, in 2006.
 Recorded in the U.
S.
, unlike his previous album, My Way or the Highway, the album shows that "it [is] clear that Guitar Shorty was back to stay stateside.
" Allmusic praises the album, calling it "more impressive than My Way or the Highway.
.
.
 thanks to superior production values and a better handle on his past.
"   "I'm So Glad I Met You" (Fran, Kearney)   4:16 "I Just Can't Run Away from the Blues" (Fran, Kearney, Scott)   4:25 "Mean Husband Blues" (Kearney, Pembroke)   3:53 "The Bottom Line" (Jackson, Mitchell, Randle)   3:52 "I Never Thought" (Kearney)   2:36 "Hard Life" (Kearney)   5:17 "Jody" (Barker, Davis, Wilson)   4:43 "It All Went Down the Drain" (King)   4:49 "How Long Can It Last?
" (Kearney)   3:13 "Old Time Sake" (Kearney)   4:16 "You Confuse Me" (Kearney)   2:46 "More Than You'll Ever Know" (Kooper)   6:02   David Torkanowsky   organ (hammond) Ernest Youngblood, Jr.
   saxophone (tenor) Clarence Hollimon, Derek O'Brien   guitar Guitar Shorty   guitar, vocals Mark "Kaz" Kazanoff   saxophone (baritone, tenor) Sarah Brown, Lee Allen Zeno   bass Herman V.
 Ernest III, George Rains   percussion, drums Floyd Domino   piano Carol Fran   vocals Kamikaze Horns   horn Michael Mordecai   trombone Keith Winking   trumpet  Pawe  Poncyljusz (born May 18, 1969 in Warsaw) is a Polish politician.
 He was elected to the Sejm on September 25, 2005 getting 4232 votes in Warsaw I, a candidate of the Law and Justice list.
 In November 2010, he moved to the new party Poland Comes First.
 He was also a member of Sejm 2001-2005.
   Members of Polish Sejm 2005-2007  Adrian Borland (6 December 1957   26 April 1999) was an English singer, songwriter, guitarist and record producer, best known as the lead singer of post-punk band The Sound (1979 87).
 Following a substantial solo career spanning five albums, he succumbed to the symptoms of schizoid-affective disorder and committed suicide in April 1999.
   Adrian Kelvin Borland was born in England in 1957, the son of Bob Borland, a physicist at the National Physical Laboratory, and his wife Win, an English teacher.
 At primary school the young Adrian Borland was already friends with future Sound bassist (and Second Layer collaborator) Graham "Green" Bailey, and would meet Steve Budd, closely involved with his band The Sound in their early years, in his early teens.
 Budd would later recall, "We met when we were both 14.
 He was the only other kid I knew with an electric guitar.
 Even at 14 you could see he was a genius".
 Borland's first band, the Wimbledon-based punk rock trio The Outsiders, was formed with Borland at its nucleus, manning vocals and guitar.
 Bob Lawrence was on bass, and Adrian 'Jan' Janes manned the drums.
 Their debut LP, Calling on Youth, was self-released on their Raw Edge label, and became the first UK self-released punk album and won them their first unfavourable reviews: "apple-cheeked Ade has a complexion that would turn a Devon milkmaid green with envy", reported the NME.
 An EP that November, One To Infinity, was labelled as "tuneless, gormless, gutless" (again by the NME), but was praised elsewhere.
 It was followed by a second album, Close Up in 1979.
 This received better (but cautious) reviews from the press.
 It was after this album that important changes took place that would decide the band's future: Lawrence left to be replaced by Borland's old friend Graham 'Green' Bailey, and Adrian Janes' departure to go to college allowed Geoffrey Cummant-Wood (the band's manager) to suggest 28-year-old Mike Dudley in his stead.
 The Outsiders trio then became The Sound, a quartet, with the arrival of Bi Marshall (real name Benita Biltoo), an acquaintance of Bailey's and the band from around 1977.
 The new sound was augmented by her use of the clarinet (later saxophone) and synthesizer.
    Borland became the kernel of The Sound, being the songwriter, main vocalist and guitarist, penning tracks for the early Propaganda sessions and the Jeopardy recordings (the latter to become The Sound's debut release).
 From this point on he would become critically acclaimed, if never a household name.
 The Sound's second album, From The Lion's Mouth, was even more enthusiastically received, selling over 100,000 units worldwide.
 Borland's personal productivity was enhanced even more with two collaborations that year, one with Jello Biafra in The Witch Trials, and another with Sound bassist Graham Bailey in Second Layer, which spawned the electronic album World of Rubber.
 The Sound were caught on a downcurve, however, the following year with the release of All Fall Down (1982), an experimental and bitter album that represented the band's refusal to make more commercial music to satisfy their label (Korova, a Warner Bros.
 subsidiary).
 Korova responded by dropping them, while the music press rapidly disowned them; a Sounds review called the album "virtually worthless".
 The Sound never recovered from this setback, although they did release a mini album (Shock of Daylight), a live album (In The Hothouse) and two further albums (Heads and Hearts and Thunder Up) over the next five years.
 These were all released on small independent labels, and never reversed the band's diminishing profile.
 Although it is unclear as to when Borland was diagnosed with his condition, from 1985 onwards the symptoms of his depression became more and more apparent.
 His problems would manifest themselves in many of the songs on The Sound's final album, Thunder Up, as well as in the schizophrenic layout of the piece; while the initial tracks deal with confronting issues (for example "Acceleration Group", "Barria Alta"), the second half proceeds at an entirely different tangent, becoming either tortuous ("Shot Up And Shut Down"), frenetic ("I Give You Pain") or mournful ("You've Got A Way").
 The touring for Thunder Up culminated in disaster for the band when Borland left halfway through a set at Zoetermeer, Netherlands.
 It would be the last Sound gig.
 Dudley described the break-up in 2004:  "We had decided the three of us, Colvin, Graham and myself, to tell Adrian that the Sound needed a break and that he should get some rest and some help, and that in the meantime we would go off and look at other things.
.
.
but when it came down to it I sat there and listened to the others say "Yes, Adrian.
 No, Adrian" to Adrian, who wanted despite everything to go on, and I just said at that point "I'm leaving the band", my intention being that the band would come to an end there and then, forcing Adrian into the position where he would get some rest, for his sake.
"  The band continued without Mike Dudley into 1988, but soon collapsed.
 The Big Takeover lamented that it was "Like an old friend losing a long fight with a disease".
 Borland would later blame himself for the break-up of The Sound.
     While his former bandmates discontinued their musical careers, Borland moved to the Netherlands in 1988 to found yet another band, after initially going there on holiday and to meet his manager (Rob Acda) .
 Adrian Borland and The Citizens was formed there, taking advantage of the popularity of The Sound on the continent, and the relative inexpense of venues in the Low Countries.
 Musically, this was a period of unprecedented collaboration for Borland; for instance, he worked (albeit under the pseudonym "Joachim Pimento") with the Honolulu Mountain Daffodils right up until their final release Psychic Hit List Victim in 1991 .
 In 1989 Adrian Borland and The Citizens released Alexandria, a huge departure musically from Thunder Up and featuring four backing vocalists, bass, cello, clarinet, drums and kettle drums, piano, saxophone, harmonica, tambourine, viola, violin and guitar.
 Some continuity was provided by former Sound bandmate Colvin 'Max' Mayers collaborating by reprising his role of keyboardist, while Nick Robbins again engineered and co-produced the album with Borland.
 The album featured much calmer, lighter tracks than those on Thunder Up, such as "Light The Sky" and "Rogue Beauty".
 As always, some tracks deal with Borland's own precarious emotional state, such as "No Ethereal" and "Deep Deep Blue".
 In an interview with Melody Maker the same year, Borland said of the title:  "I think The Sound suffered from this image of being blunt and straightforward and hitting you in the face with what we wanted to say, right from "who the hell makes those missiles?
" So I wanted something more vague, something almost without reason.
"  The album, however, suffered from poor sales, selling an estimated 10,000 copies on the continent and a mere 1000 in England.
 Borland attributed this to poor distribution.
 Although Borland expressed an interest in re-forming his old band, The Sound never re-formed: bassist Graham Bailey moved to the United States in the early 90s; keyboardist Max died on Boxing Day 1993 from an AIDs-related illness; and an undisclosed antagonism had caused an irreparable rift between Borland and drummer Mike Dudley.
 Speaking of a possible reformation in 1992, Borland said:  "it's my fault 'cos I started this rumour at an Iggy or Kraftwerk gig earlier this year, it's definitely not happening, for a start the person who probably won't do it is the drummer.
 But even Graham & Max have gone off the idea now.
 Graham & I are going to do something in the future, but we're so busy you know?
 When I'm not busy he's busy, we never find the right moment.
"  1992 saw the release of Brittle Heaven, which would later lend its name to the (now official) Adrian Borland website.
 With a menagerie of 14 songs with little difference in style to those of his previous release, the real difference now lay in the composition of the Citizens, which was by now almost exclusively Dutch.
 Don Victor now co-produced with Borland.
 The album benefits from lavish investment in production, although this puts it in a similar position to The Sound's Heads and Hearts album in that it is much more polished than Borland's other solo material.
 Critical reception ranged from the noncomittal to welcoming; Allmusic described it as 'one hour of finely woven tapestry, of gorgeous music', albeit 'Not quite as good as 1989's Alexandria', handing it three stars out of five, while David Cavanagh gave it four, praising the atmosphere of 'a strange, dizzy optimism' pervading the album.
 As one critic argued: '[Borland's] reflective writing remains as good as ever', and The Big Takeover went further, proclaiming it 'inspired'.
 With some critical endorsement Borland continued to work on new material throughout the year.
 At some point in 1992 he travelled to Amsterdam to record a session with Victor Heeremans, re-recorded and released many years later as the posthumous The Amsterdam Tapes album.
 Recorded in a crossover point in his career, it represents a shift in both musical and mental directions: while tracks like "Ordinary Angel" show some continuity with the tone of Brittle Heaven, the forcefulness of tracks such as "Fast Blue World", "Darkest Heart" and "Via Satellite" clearly preclude Borland's later, harder style as seen on 5:00AM and Harmony and Destruction.
 On the other hand, the acoustic-based fragility of tracks such as "Happen" and "White Room" represents a more immediate turn to lighter, less ambitious music -the latter would be re-recorded to feature on the 1994 album Beautiful Ammunition.
 Around this time also Borland began working on music production; he produced albums by Felt, Into Paradise and Waiting Sound.
    In 1994 Borland returned to the UK to record his third album, Beautiful Ammunition, at the Acton Survival Studios on Resolve Records.
 Whether because of meagre investment or because of his desire to explore a more acoustic sound, the new album displayed a simpler format, largely devoid of any discernible concept: "Beautiful Ammunition" is very simply put together, only acoustic guitar, synthesiser and a few drum machines.
 Everything is very basic, which I like", Borland said later.
 One notable change from Brittle Heaven is presence of dark, introspective songs, particularly "Lonely Late Nighter" and "White Room", emphasised somewhat by the empty, lonely musical framework.
 This is not to say, however, that more confident tracks are banished from the album: "Reunited States of Love" and "Someone Will Love You Today" are perfect examples of this, and yet still exemplify in their tentativeness a decisive split from Brittle Heaven-era songs.
 Critical reception was as muted as always, and mixed where evident; Big Takeover complained that it was 'too light and airy', but vaguely appraised the work as 'finely honed and pleasant'.
 The following year, 1995, was to be an important year for Borland; not only was the album Cinematic written and released, but his work with Carlo van Putten, Claudia Uman, Florian Brattman and David Maria Gramse in The White Rose Transmission came to fruition, with the side-project's self-titled debut appearing that year.
 They would continue to perform intermittently throughout the 1990s, Borland being a major contributor.
 Cinematic was a stablemate of Beautiful Ammunition in that it was also created in the Survival Studios and under the Resolve label, yet demonstrated a further evolution in Borland's musical career.
 Despite being in a similar situation as regards funding, Cinematic benefited from much better, integrated production as well as punchy tracks such as "Bright White Light".
 With the psychological opener "Dreamfuel" a dream-like atmosphere pervaded the album, establishing itself in indolent, moody tracks like "Cinematic" and "When Can I Be Me?
".
 It was, overall, a more coherent attempt than its predecessor, but   predictably   did not win over the public.
 Critical reception, however, was even more welcoming.
 With an Allmusic.
com ranking of 4 stars the album was lauded:  "Generally quieter but no less intense than much of his '80s work, Cinematic lives up to its name more than once, with mysterious atmospheres matched by often understated but still sharply realized songs and lyrics.
"  Simon Heavisides stated: 'Isn't it great when your old favourites don't let you down?
.
.
.
[it] leaves you with the feeling at the end that you want to hear the whole damn thing over again.
" Mitch Myers wrote in 1997: 'Everybody is a star, but Borland's cinematic life is well worth watching.
' Glenn McDonald, however, offered up a less enthusiastic summation: 'The music had an impressive sweep to it, but the production seemed to me to emphasise the mechanical repetitiveness of the arrangements'.
 The album also lent its name to Cinematic Overview the following year, a compilation album of Borland's work stretching all the way back to the mid seventies.
 Also in 1996 the newly formed Renascent Records label reissued Sound records Heads and Hearts (with Shock of Daylight)  and In The Hothouse, complete with new packaging, and liner notes by Borland himself.
   Borland's last release during his lifetime was the album 5:00AM.
 A switch to Earth Records and a slight change of crew   Tim Smith of Cardiacs now co-produced with Borland    were the only ostensible differences between the new work and Cinematic.
 However, the money invested in the album allowed for much better production, a direct result of which was the recording and inclusion of "Baby Moon", a song which Borland had held onto since 1993 but did not want to waste 'on a lo-fi production' .
 The songs are generally punchier and more radio-friendly, such as opener "Stray Bullets", "City Speed" and "Redemption's Knees", but containing powerful, dark, indolent tracks which, at this point, Borland had made his solo trademark: "Vampiric" is arguably the best example of this in all of his discography.
 The album is also representative of earlier work in that it does not fail to neglect his mental state, dealing with it in an optimistic, confrontational fashion in "Over The Under": 'Under this roof, under the sky/I want to live, at least I'm going to try/But I'm over the under now'.
 That song would prove to be Borland's last single release.
 The critical reception was, perhaps, the best of any in his lifetime.
 Glenn McDonald produced the following glowing review:  "5:00am turns out to sound exactly the way I wanted Cinematic to.
 Borland's voice, when he sings like he means it, is a glorious amalgam of Burgess, Ian McNabb, Ian McCulloch, Mike Peters, Jim Kerr and Then Jerico's Mark Shaw, the breathy intimacy that for me misfired on Cinematic here filling, elegantly, the roll that hoarse fervor played in his singing with the Sound.
"   Allmusic.
com list the album at 3 stars, but give no explanation.
 Borland himself was excited by 5:00AM, and was keen to draw lines between it and his most successful period: '"5:00 A.
M" takes up, where "Thunder Up"   which was the last Sound album   left off.
.
.
It's still the same person, who writes the songs, only a little bit less in love with himself and more worldview orientated.
".
 Before attending to what would become his last solo recordings, Borland wrote twelve of the fourteen tracks on The White Rose Transmission's second release, 500 Miles of Desert, recording them with the band between November 1998 and January 1999 and producing the album himself.
  Borland was proud of the work, and said so in his last public writing, dated 18 March 1999:  "Everybody involved worked hard but enjoyed themselves immensely and the end result is better than any of us expected.
 It's hard to be objective but I' II just say the final mastered slice of silver has rarely left my CD player.
"   By 1999 Borland had lived with severe depression for about 14 years.
 He had still been denied commercial success or widespread popularity outside of continental Europe, and he had tried to commit suicide at least three times, the third (according to his mother Win Borland) when he jumped in front of a car.
 He had also developed a drinking problem.
 His plans for that year were staggering.
 Not content with merely anticipating the release of 700 Miles of Desert he expressed the intention to record a sixth solo album with Heads and Hearts producer Wally Brill, a tour of Europe that June to promote the WRT album, a further tour later in the year to promote the new solo release, and 'a 12 song acoustic record with Wally Brill using percussion, trumpet, violin, viola and atmospheric electric guitar' for 2000.
 Meanwhile the remastering of several The Sound recordings, created at the very start of their career in 1976/77, was underway by Wally Brill.
 The finished product, Propaganda, was released by Renascent and featured linernotes by Borland, like all previous releases .
 It would be officially released on 26 April   the very day Borland would commit suicide.
 Of the plans drawn up by Borland over the winter, only his solo album was undertaken.
 It was recorded at The Premises, London over a number of months, although Borland himself recorded guide vocals and guitar in the space of about a fortnight.
 After this point his disposition changed.
 In a letter he wrote to his parents shortly before his death he expressed fear at being sectioned in Springfield mental hospital .
 'He was returning home distraught and anxious.
.
.
he had ignored the medical advice to pace himself', his mother, Win Borland, wrote.
 At evidence given at Westminster Coroner's Court it was revealed that he had visited an ex-girlfriend in the days before his death and that his condition had worsened thereafter.
 The Wimbledon Guardian reported:  "She said: "His thoughts were coming out loud and at one point he said there's always the railway line".
 She called 999 but by the time police arrived he had disappeared and was reported as a high risk missing person.
 That night Mr Borland turned up at Kennington Police Station claiming he was being chased.
 Later he rang his mother to say he was in a curry house in Kennington.
 She alerted police and following a series of phone calls and hold-ups he was eventually dropped off at his mother's home at around 3.
15 am by officers who described his state of mind as "lucid".
"   The night of the 25th Borland slipped away to Wimbledon Station.
 In the early hours of the 26th horrified commuters watched as Borland committed suicide by throwing himself under a train.
 He was 41 years of age, and was interred at the Merton & Sutton Joint Cemetery, London.
 In an account given by drummer Mike Dudley his funeral was attended by his parents, Bob Lawrence and Adrian Janes of The Outsiders, original Sound keyboardist Bi Marshall, early Sound manager Steve Budd and Wally Brill, co-producer of Heads and Hearts and Harmony and Destruction, among a multitude of others.
   Although 700 Miles of Desert was released to minimal critical acclaim (but with three stars on Allmusic.
com and four stars on eMusic.
com) Borland's work has enjoyed an appreciative critical reception and a lasting fanbase, with sites such as brittleheaven.
com and renascent.
co.
uk providing an online outlet for information and sales.
 In the Millennium a book of anecdotes written by his friends and colleagues was compiled and published, entitled "Book of Happy Memories, after the Brittle Heaven song "Box of Happy Memories".
 2001 saw in a tribute album, titled In Passing   A Tribute To Adrian Borland and The Sound , as well as Renascent reissues of Sound albums Jeopardy, From The Lion's Mouth and All Fall Down .
 2002 saw the release of Harmony & Destruction, the remnants of his sixth solo album painstakingly salvaged by Pat Rowles (No Corridor) and audio engineer Pete Barraclough (The Lucy Show, Archive) from the recordings made by Wally Brill at the Premises and four-track demos recorded by Rowels.
 The BBC recordings of Sound sessions from the 1980s were released with linernotes by Mike Dudley in 2004.
 2006 saw The Amsterdam Tapes, a demo album from 1992 that was rejected by his label also remastered and rerecorded by his friends; a band of them grouped together later that year under the moniker 'The Sound of Adrian Borland' to promote it.
 That same year five live albums, collectively known as The Dutch Radio Recordings, were released by Renascent.
 These garnered overwhelmingly positive reviews .
 His collaborative project with Graham Bailey in Second Layer was also resurrected in 2009 by Red Sun Records; their 1981 album World of Rubber was remastered and expanded and received fan support.
     Borland's initial influences can be traced through his work with The Outsiders into punk bands of the 70s, such as the Sex Pistols.
 However, it is clear that he had a broader appreciation for other forms of rock parallel to this; his admiration for The Stooges and Iggy Pop was reaffirmed on several occasions .
 Other influences included The Velvet Underground, Lou Reed, Jim Morrison and Joy Division and David Bowie.
 In terms of admiration for contemporaries, mid-show interview in 1984, he cited New Order, Soft Cell and Eurythmics .
 His favourite bands from the eighties were The Waterboys and Talk Talk.
 He also lauded Ride in the early 90s.
   Borland's earliest lyrics with The Sound showed a tendency toward introspection, even before their music was really influenced by Joy Division .
 The song "Words Fail Me", was the earliest clear example of this.
 Many songs simply portray general themes of urban squalor, and political lyrics such as "Cost of Living", "Music Business" and the track "Missiles", which would reach infamy when included on their debut release, Jeopardy.
 The songs on Jeopardy would largely reflect inward tensions rather than political ones: a curious compromise is reached on "Unwritten Law", an attack on religious dogma surrounding suicide: 'A hand is a hand/A knife is a knife/Blood is blood/And life is life'.
 From The Lion's Mouth would also contain another reference to religion with "Judgement".
 Political songs would be largely absent from most further releases; only "Golden Soldiers" ("And I will drink to those who sacrifice and die for me/So I could be so golden") and "Shot Up And Shot Down" ("Most of England is sleeping in the sun/But not everyone") suggest political topics.
 In his solo work there are more stark examples, such as "Beneath The Big Wheel" and "The Other Side of The World" on Alexandria and the quasi-religious song "Station of The Cross" on Beautiful Ammunition.
 As Borland's condition got worse in the latter half on the 90s political themes were dropped as introspective ones once more took precedent.
 While Borland denied that music helped him (he claimed it "doesn't make any difference" in an interview in 1992  ), after his death his mother wrote that they were at least a cathartic form of therapy and "helped him to come to terms with his problems" .
 Thus it is that we can frequently infer from the body of work he left what his state of mind may have been at various stages of his life.
 The Jeopardy opener "I Can't Escape Myself" would project Borland's dissatisfaction with himself, and serves as an early example of his more depressive lyrics.
 "Fatal Flaw", from the generally more confident album From The Lion's Mouth explores mental weakness, a theme repeated more frequently on All Fall Down in the schizophrenic "Party of The Mind" and "As Feeling Dies"; on Heads and Hearts the crazed "Whirlpool" and "Burning Part of Me"; on "Thunder Up" the whole second half of the album.
 In his solo career songs such as "Deep Deep Blue", "Lonely Late Nighter" and "Stranger in the Soul" parallel Borland's suffering with his condition   by "Harmony & Destruction" it is merely easier to pick out upbeat songs from the multitude of depressed ones.
 "Night Versus Day", a Jeopardy song that had also been part of the Propaganda sessions, is an example of Borland's fascination with dichotomy and the themes of light and dark, which were usually used as a metaphor for the polarising effects of his condition.
 "New Dark Age" and "Winter" both link the night with fear or slowness.
 The most obvious Sound song with this idea is "You've Got A Way", the closing track on Thunder Up: "You've got a way/To shoot my night right through with the light of day".
 It is noteworthy that Borland's first solo single was "Light The Sky", the lyrics of which ae echoed in "Shadow of Your Grace": "You lit up my life and work/It was falling into place".
 The dichotomy is reversed on the 5:00am track Vampiric: "Before the dawn draws its first breath/Before the Sun destroys what's left/Of us".
 The album title should also be noted for being the time that dawn usually rises around the equinox.
 The theme of night and day is brought in as a central concept on the album Harmony & Destruction: the bright opener is "Solar", for instance, while "Startime" and "Heart Goes Down Like The Sun" are dark-named songs about depression.
 It may be significant that in "Last Train Out of Shatterville", which may be an act of suicide ideation, describes a train pulling out "in the cold morning light", and describes a previous suicide attempt as happening "last dawn as you slipped from curb to bonnet".
 The final track "Living on the Edge of God" contains the lyric "Strip me down, expose the man/Not a pretty sight in the morning light".
   Once claimed his favourite song of all time was The Waterboys' "The Whole of the Moon".
 The B-movie Psychomania from 1971 is said to have been a favourite of his.
 Once stated that The Smiths 'are shit'.
 During his time with The Outsiders he played on stage with Iggy Pop.
 Mark Burgess' song "Adrian Be" is dedicated to him.
 To commemorate his death ten years on, the Facebook group for Adrian Borland organised an 'event', and wrote condolences.
 In addition, members created an unofficial tribute album.
 Played guitar left-handed.
     Calling on Youth (1977) Raw Edge Close Up (1978) Raw Edge   World of Rubber (1981) Cherry Red (reissued 2009, Pop One)   Jeopardy (1980) Korova (reissued 2001, Renascent) From The Lion's Mouth (1981) Korova (reissued 2001, Renascent) All Fall Down (1982) WEA Records (reissued 2001, Renascent) Heads and Hearts (1985) Statik (reissued 1996 with Shock of Daylight, Renascent) In the Hothouse (1985) Statik (reissued 1996, Renascent) Thunder Up (1987) PIAS Propaganda (1999) Renascent (recorded 1979)   Alexandria (1989) PIAS Brittle Heaven (1992) PIAS Beautiful Ammunition (1994) Resolve Cinematic (1995) Resolve 5:00 AM (1997) Earth The Last Days of the Rain Machine (2000) Red Sun (Posthumous) Harmony & Destruction (2002) Red Sun (Posthumous) The Amsterdam Tapes (2006) Pop One (Posthumous)   "White Rose Transmission" (1995) Strange Music "700 Miles of Desert" (1999) Fuego   Counting the Days (1986) Statik Second Layer (1987) LD Records Vital Years (1993) Gift of Life Cinematic Overview (1995, promotional-only) Setanta BBC Recordings (2004) Renascent The Dutch Radio Recordings, vol 1 5 (2006) Renascent   One to Infinity 7" EP (1977) Raw Edge Physical World 7" EP (1979) Tortch Flesh as Property EP (1979) Tortch State of Emergency EP (1980) Tortch "Heyday" Single (1980) Korova Live Instinct Maxi (1981) WEA Records BV "Sense of Purpose" Single (1981) Korova "Hot House" Single (1982) Korova "Party of the Mind" Single (1982) WEA Records BV "Mining dor Heart" Flexi (1983) Vinyl Magazine "Counting the Days" Single (1984) Statik "Golden Soldiers" Single (1984) Victoria Shock of Daylight Mini-album (1984) Statik "Temperature Drop" Single (1985) Statik "Under You" Single (1985) Statik "Hand of Love" Single (1987) PIAS "Iron Years" Single (1987) PIAS Light the Sky (1989) PIAS Beneath the Big Wheel (1989) PIAS All the Words (1992) PIAS Over the Under (1997) Earth     or e Vlaji  olso written as Djordje Vlaji  (Serbian Cyrillic:  op e B aj  ;born 8 September 1977 in Belgrade) is a Serbian footballer midfielder who currently plays in FK Beograd.
  TwentyWonder is an annual, one-night summer festival held in the Los Angeles neighborhood of Echo Park.
 Since 2011, TwentyWonder events have been hosted by the Los Angeles Derby Dolls at their venue, "The Doll Factory".
 Event lineups consist of several dozen local, alternative cultural attractions.
 Those attractions typically include women's roller derby, national and international music acts, science exhibits, makers, magicians, comedians, and circus performers.
   TwentyWonder serves as a fundraiser and awareness event for the Down Syndrome Association of Los Angeles (DSALA).
 From 2010 2014, TwentyWonder events raised over $400,000 for DSALA.
 Each event integrates people with Down syndrome into its lineup.
 For example, the 2014 lineup included actress Jamie Brewer of American Horror Story and Australian pop band Rudely Interrupted.
 Each event also includes educational displays about Down syndrome (trisomy 21).
 A number of prominent entertainment industry personalities are listed as "Friends" of the TwentyWonder charity, including actor Bryan Cranston, songwriter Christina Perri, Simpsons co-creator Sam Simon and sitcom creator Chuck Lorre.
     TwentyWonder was created by Jim Hodgson, current Director of DSALA.
 It began as a party called SuperBall that was first thrown in 1996 by Hodgson and his brother Joel Hodgson, creator of the popular television show Mystery Science Theater 3000.
 The invitation-only party grew into a quasi-annual event involving now-prominent members of the Los Angeles entertainment community.
 After Jim Hodgson s son was born with Down syndrome, the event was made into a public fundraiser and renamed TwentyWonder.
   The first event was held in March 2010 at the Veterans Center in Culver City, Los Angeles.
 It included a large lineup that featured Sarah Silverman, Grant-Lee Phillips, Cinematic Titanic, Harmonix, Funny or Die, etymologist Taylor Lura, theremin player Eban Schletter, Dave "Gruber" Allen, Jim Turner as Mr.
 Tremendous and Tim Biskup.
   TwentyWonder 2011, a sold-out event, took place on July 9, 2011 at the Los Angeles Derby Dolls' Doll Factory in Echo Park, Los Angeles.
 The 2011 event continued to include a large lineup featuring, among other attractions, members of the LA Derby Dolls in an all-star roller derby match, Black Rebel Motorcycle Club, Exene Cervenka, Funny or Die, The Axis of Awesome, Joel Hodgson, Lynda Barry, JP Incorporated, 2 Headed Dog and {RV}IP Karaoke.
   TwentyWonder 2012 took place on July 6, 2012.
 The 2012 event featured an all-star match between the LA Derby Dolls and the San Diego Derby Dolls, artist Tim Biskup, artists from Tierra Del Sol, Joel Hodgson, the band Jackshit, Dave Alvin, Andy Kindler, Lucha VaVOOM, Steve-O playing Tic-Tac-Toe, scientists from NASA's Jet Propulsion Laboratory, Dolores Bozovic, The Kids of Widney High, hula-hoop specialist Mat Plendl, physicist Dr.
 David Saltzberg, Sock Puppet Sitcom Theater and Wayne White.
   TwentyWonder 2013 was held on July 13, 2013.
 Featured acts and events included comedian David Koechner, Vaud and the Villains, Matthew Sweet, Lucha VaVoom, Cinefamily, Kate Flannery and the Lampshades, games from Two Bit Circus, Mat Plendl, Mac King, an Ernie Kovacs museum, 2 Headed Dog and Diandra Leslie-Pelecky.
   TwentyWonder 2014 was held on June 28, 2014.
 The 2014 event featured magician Helder Guimar es, Jamie Brewer, the Kogi Korean BBQ truck, Way 2 Much Entertainment, the LA Derby Dolls, Lucha VaVOOM, Dengue Fever, Two Bit Circus, Golden Road Brewing, Rudely Interrupted, Jonny Two Bags, FriendsWithYou, acts from Cirque Berzerk and planetary scientists from iPLEX.
   The date of TwentyWonder 2015 has not yet been announced.
    Johnston and Palmyra are two American controlled atolls located in the Pacific Ocean.
 Johnston had been claimed for the US in 1858, Palmyra in 1859; both under the Guano Islands act.
 Following the Attack on Pearl Harbor, Japanese navy forces attacked Allied possessions across the Pacific, including Johnston and Palmyra.
   Both islands had been obtained through the Guano Islands Act of 1856, although Palmyra was void of Guano.
 The lack of guano caused Palmyra to pass through the ownership of many different groups throughout the 19th and 20th centuries.
 Johnston and Palmyra were placed under US Navy control in 1934 by President Franklin Roosevelt.
 Both islands were garrisoned and Johnston served as a refueling station for passing US Navy ships.
 Although an airfield was under construction on Johnston, the only aircraft present on the island were Navy PBY patrol planes, usually anchored offshore.
 Johnston became noticeable to the Japanese command because of its location.
 Although it was too close to Hawaii to be amphibiously assaulted, it was near the major Japanese air base in the Marshall Islands.
 The executive officer of the 1st Marine Defense Battalion, Major Francis B.
 Loomis, had arrived on Johnston on December 7, 1941.
 He had been returning by air from an inspection of the American outposts in the Pacific when Pearl Harbor had been attacked.
 He then took control of the island's garrison.
 Following news of the Attack on Pearl Harbor, the civilian contractors already present on Johnston began to building more emplacements for the Marines' guns and positions.
 Six US Navy ships were also on Johnston, practicing their use of the Higgins Boat on Johnston's shore.
 For the next few days, there was very little activity around both islands.
   The first attack on the islands came on December 12, 1941.
 A Japanese submarine, 8,000 yards offshore, broke the surface and fired star shells clusters over Johnston.
 The Marine 5-inch guns tried to find the enemy submarine with its own star shell clusters, scaring the submarine off.
 Another attack came on the night of 15th.
 The US Navy supply ship, Burrows, had arrived at dusk to drop off supplies meant for the Marines stranded on Wake, and to retrieve some civilian contractors to return to Pearl Harbor.
 The Navy ship and the Marines on Johnston spotted a flash at sea.
 The first enemy shells hit Johnston and its powerhouse, setting off a large fire that engulfed the building.
 The Marines and Japanese returned fire for ten minutes before the Japanese ceased fire.
 The final attacks came on the nights of December 21 and 22.
 The December 21 shelling was almost a repeat of the attack on December 12.
 The final attack came on the 22nd.
 A Japanese submarine fired a star shell cluster and six shells at Johnston, knocking down a homing tower, and wounding a Marine.
 The Marines dueled with the Japanese submarine, and forced it to submerge.
 The sole attack on Palmyra (located 900 miles southeast of Johnston) came near dawn on December 24, 1941.
 A Japanese submarine fired on Palmyra and the US Navy dredge, Sacramento, which sat in the atoll's lagoon.
 The Japanese shells did minor damage to the ship before it was driven back under by Marine 5-inch coastal guns.
    Following the Japanese naval attacks on Johnston and Palmyra, both were heavily reinforced.
 Johnston was given more heavy guns, machine guns, and an infantry company.
 Similar precautions were taken with Palmyra.
 Although they were isolated, the Marine, Navy, and civilian garrisons became the front line of Pearl Harbor's defense while it recuperated.
 Both islands continued to be garrisoned by Marines throughout the war.
   Books Hammel, Eric (2005).
 Pacific Warriors: The US Marines in World War II: A Pictorial Tribute.
 400 First Avenue North, Suite 300, Minneapolis, MN: Zenith Press.
 ISBN 978-0-7603-2097-6.
  News articles and websites Lt.
 Col.
 Frank O.
 Hough, Maj.
 Verle E.
 Ludwig, Henry I.
 Shaw (March 15, 2011).
 "History of US Marine Corps Operations in World War II: Japan Strikes (The Southern Outposts)".
 Hough*Ludwig*Shaw.
 Archived from the original on December 25, 2013.
 Retrieved July 16, 2008.
  US Fish and Wildlife Service.
 "Johnston Atoll National Wildlife Refuge".
 Archived from the original on December 6, 2013.
William Chauncey Kibbe (1822 1904), California pioneer, third Adjutant General of California that oversaw the California Militia from its beginnings through most of the American Civil War.
   William C.
 Kibbe was born in Illinois in 1822.
 He moved to New York as a young man, teaching school in Brooklyn.
 He rose to become Principal of Public School #19.
 When news of the California Gold Rush came he went to California to seek his fortune as a miner.
 With no success in the mines he turned to politics.
   William C.
 Kibbe was appointed by Governor John McDougal as California's third Quartermaster General in June, 1852, and after William H.
 Richardson resigned, due to the provisions of the Militia Law of 1852 became the Adjutant General of California in charge of the California Militia also.
 He was elected to the office of Adjutant General in 1854.
 In 1855, Kibbe wrote a drill manual for the California Militia, The volunteer: containing exercises and movements of infantry, light infantry, riflemen and cavalry, as a drill manual for the California Militia.
 In 1858, William Kibbe was responsible for organizing the Klamath & Humboldt Expedition led by Captain Isaac G.
 Messec to fight the Wintoon War of 1858-59 against the Whilkut people.
 In 1859, he oversaw the State of California's Pitt River Expedition against the Achomawi and Atsugewi tribes in the vicinity the Pit River in Northeastern California.
 He sent Militia units from California to help the settlers in Nevada during the Paiute War.
 In May 1861, when the Los Angeles Mounted Rifles absconded with the weapons of various defuct Militia companies in Southern California, blame came to Kibbe.
 His records under his long tenure of office got into such confusion that the legislature took a hand and tried to unseat him.
 Governor Leland Stanford kept him in office.
 With the advent of mechanized warfare of the shape of the new iron-clads called for new methods of defense.
 Adjutant General Kibbe in his report of December 3, 1863 to Governor Leland Stanford proposed a novel plan for the protection of San Francisco harbor: "To adequately fortify the harbor it was proposed to construct revolving iron towers at each side of the Golden Gate.
 These towers to be one hundred feet in diameter and pierced for two tiers of guns with ample space for thirty guns in each tier.
 Casemated guns were planned for the foundation of the towers.
 When the towers were completed, massive chains would be laid across the entrance to the harbor.
 These chains would be drawn up by windlasses operated by steam engines.
 The chains would be designed to check the speed of any enemy vessel and bring it under fire of the guns in the towers.
 Kibbe contended that if the towers could be built and other approaches to the city fortified, the navies of the world could be kept out of the harbor.
"   Kibbe was replaced by George S.
 Evans when he was appointed Adjutant General by Governor Frederick Low, May 1, 1864.
 After the Civil War, Kibbe returned to Brooklyn and held an office in the Hall of records there.
 He died in January 1904, at his home, 464 Macon Street, in Brooklyn, New York at the age of 82 years.
  "The Twelve Gifts of Christmas" is a song written and performed by Allan Sherman.
 The song reached #5 on the Billboard Hot 100 in 1963.
 The song appeared on his 1964 album, For Swingin' Livers Only!
 It is not to be confused with the classic Christmas song "The Twelve Days of Christmas".
 The song was arranged by Lou Busch.
  These are the results of the men's pommel horse competition, one of eight events for male competitors in artistic gymnastics at the 1980 Summer Olympics in Moscow.
 The qualification and final rounds took place on July 20, 22 and 25th at the Sports Palace at the Central Lenin Stadium.
        Sixty-eight gymnasts competed in the compulsory and optional rounds on July 20 and 22.
 The six highest scoring gymnasts advanced to the final on July 25.
 Each country was limited to two competitors in the final.
 Half of the points earned by each gymnast during both the compulsory and optional rounds carried over to the final.
 This constitutes the "prelim" score.
     Official Olympic Report www.
gymnasticsresults.
com www.
gymn-forum.
netAtherton High School is a public school in the Highlands district of Louisville, Kentucky and is part of the Jefferson County Public School district.
 It opened in 1923 as J.
M.
 Atherton High School for Girls (at a different location).
 It is named after John McDougal Atherton, a local businessman and politician instrumental in changing Louisville's school system administration from trustees to a board of education.
 Atherton offers an International Studies Program and an International Baccalaureate (IB) Program.
 The IB Program is the only one in the city at a public school, and also the only one open to boys (the city's other IB program is at the all-girls' Sacred Heart Academy, a Catholic school).
 Students also have the option of enrolling in Advanced Placement or Honors classes as well as in the Advanced Placement Program, Exceptional Child Education Program, and English as a Second Language Program.
      Apache Synapse is a simple, lightweight and extremely high performance open source enterprise service bus (ESB) and mediation engine.
 It began incubation at the Apache Software Foundation on August 22, 2005, and graduated as a sub project of the Apache Web Services project on January 2, 2007.
 After implementing extensive support for legacy systems integration, it moved out from the Apache Web Services project as a Top Level Project (TLP) of the Apache Software Foundation on the February 5, 2008.
 Apache Synapse is released under the Apache License.
 Synapse supports the creation of Proxy Services, which allows users to easily create virtual services on the ESB layer to front existing services.
 Existing services may be SOAP, POX/REST services over HTTP/S, as well as SOAP or legacy services over JMS, Apache VFS file systems (e.
g.
 s/ftp, file, zip/tar/gz, webdav, cifs etc.
), Mail systems (e.
g.
 pop3, imap, smtp), Financial Information eXchange (FIX), Hessian, AMQP etc.
 The proxy services allows easy switching of transport, interface (WSDL/Schema/Policy), message format (SOAP 1.
1, 1.
2/POX/REST, Text, Binary/Hessian etc.
), QoS (WS-Addressing, WS-Security, WS-Reliable Messaging) and message optimization (MTOM/SwA) etc.
 Synapse has implemented a non-blocking HTTP/S transport implementation over the Apache HttpComponents/NIO module to handle thousands of concurrent requests using very little resources and threads.
 This implementation is capable of connection throttling to control the rate at which large messages are read and processed, and thus can handle heavy concurrent loads of large messages using constant memory.
 Synapse also supports clustered deployments, with support for load balancing, throttling and caching over clustered deployments.
 The integration with an external Registry/Repository allows Synapse to use externally defined resources for mediation, as well as store its configuration into an externally managed Registry/Repository for SOA Governance.
 Synapse can be easily extended with custom Java extensions or POJO classes, or via Apache BFS scripting languages such as Javascript, Ruby, Groovy etc.
 Synapse ships with over 50 samples that can be executed out of the box.
   Enterprise Service Bus Service-oriented architecture Apache Axis2 Web service Apache License   ^ Apache Incubator ^ TLP Graduation  Statistics of Primera Divisi n Argentina in season 1978.
                     1978 in Argentine football45580 Ren racine is a main belt asteroid with an orbital period of 1696.
2196024 days (4.
64 years).
 The asteroid was discovered on February 10, 2000 by Denis Bergeron, in Val-des-Bois.
 The asteroid was first to be discovered from Quebec and was named after Ren  Racine.
  Al Haouz (Arabic:    ) is a province in the Moroccan economic region of Marrakech-Tensift-Al Haouz.
 Its population in 2004 was 484,312.
 The major cities and towns are: [1] Ait Ourir Amizmiz Ghmate Lalla Takarkoust My Brahim Sidi Abdallah Ghiat Tahannaout Tameslouht   The province is divided administratively into the following:  John Ronaldson is a former Australian rules football player who played in the VFL between 1965 and 1970 for the Richmond Football Club.
 Ronaldson is the father of Australian basketballer Tony Ronaldson.
   Hogan P: The Tigers Of Old, Richmond FC, Melbourne 1996The Garvellachs (Scottish Gaelic: Garbh Eileaich) or Isles of the Sea form a small archipelago in the Inner Hebrides of Scotland.
 Part of the Argyll and Bute council area, they lie west of Lunga and northwest of Scarba and have been uninhabited since World War II.
 The islands include Garbh Eileach, D n Channuill and Eileach an Naoimh.
   The waters surrounding the islands are extensively used for leisure sailing.
 A good knowledge of the area is required, with weather conditions likely to change very quickly.
 Due to the array of separate tidal races produced by the underwater topography there are some treacherous stretches of water.
 These include the Grey Dogs and the Gulf of Corryvreckan, between Scarba and Jura in which is located the infamous Corryvreckan whirlpool, which is the third largest whirlpool in the world.
 The area is part of the Scarba, Lunga and Garvellachs National Scenic Area, one of 40 in Scotland.
    The fibroblast growth factor receptors are, as their name implies, receptors that bind to members of the fibroblast growth factor family of proteins.
 Some of these receptors are involved in pathological conditions.
 For example, a point mutation in FGFR3 can lead to achondroplasia.
   The fibroblast growth factor receptors consist of a cellular ligand domain composed of three immunoglobulin-like domains, a single transmembrane helix domain, and an intracellular domain with tyrosine kinase activity.
 These receptors bind fibroblast growth factors, members of the largest family of growth factor ligands, comprising 22 members.
 The natural alternate splicing of four fibroblast growth factor receptor (FGFR) genes results in the production of over 48 different isoforms of FGFR.
 These isoforms vary in their ligand-binding properties and kinase domains, however all share the common extracellular region composed of three immunoglobulin(Ig)-like domains (D1-D3), and thus belong to the immunoglobulin superfamily.
 The three immunoglobin(Ig)-like domains - D1, D2, and D3 - present a stretch of acidic amino acids ("the acid box") between D1 and D2.
 This "acid box" can participate in the regulation of FGF binding to the FGFR.
 Immunoglobulin-like domains D2 and D3 are sufficient for FGF binding.
 Each receptor can be activated by several FGFs.
 In many cases, the FGFs themselves can also activate more than one receptor (i.
e.
, FGF1, which binds all seven principal FGFRs).
 FGF7, however, can only activate FGFR2b, and FGF18 was recently shown to activate FGFR3.
 A gene for a fifth FGFR protein, FGFR5, has also been identified.
 In contrast to FGFRs 1-4, it lacks a cytoplasmic tyrosine kinase domain and one isoform, FGFR5 , and only contains the extracellular domains D1 and D2.
 The FGFRs are known to dimerize as heterodimers and homodimers.
   So far, five distinct membrane FGFR have been identified in vertebrates and all of them belong to the tyrosine kinase superfamily (FGFR1 to FGFR4).
 FGFR1 (see also Fibroblast growth factor receptor 1) (= CD331) FGFR2 (see also Fibroblast growth factor receptor 2) (= CD332) FGFR3 (see also Fibroblast growth factor receptor 3) (= CD333) FGFR4 (see also Fibroblast growth factor receptor 4) (= CD334) FGFRL1 (see also Fibroblast growth factor receptor-like 1) FGFR6    This article lists various football records in relation to the England national football team.
 The page is updated where necessary after each England match, and is correct as of 18 November 2014.
    Most appearances Peter Shilton, 125, 25 November 1970   7 July 1990 Other centurions David Beckham, 115, 1 September 1996   14 October 2009 Steven Gerrard, 114, 31 May 2000   24 June 2014 Bobby Moore, 108, 20 May 1962   14 November 1973 Ashley Cole, 107, 28 March 2001   5 March 2014 Bobby Charlton, 106, 19 April 1958   14 June 1970 Frank Lampard, 106, 10 October 1999   24 June 2014 Billy Wright, 105, 28 September 1946   28 May 1959 Wayne Rooney, 101, 12 February 2003   18 November 2014 First player to reach 100 appearances Billy Wright, 11 April 1959, 1-0 vs.
 Scotland Fastest to reach 100 appearances Bobby Moore, 10 years 271 days, 20 May 1962, 4-0 vs.
 Peru   14 February 1973, 5-0 vs Scotland Most consecutive appearances Billy Wright, 70, 3 October 1951   28 May 1959 Most appearances as a substitute Jermain Defoe, 34, 31 March 2004   15 November 2013 Most consecutive appearances as a substitute Owen Hargreaves, 14, 1 June 2004   10 June 2006 Most appearances as a substitute without ever starting a game Carlton Cole, 7, 11 January 2009   3 March 2010 Most appearances without ever playing a complete game Danny Murphy, 9, 10 November 2001   16 November 2003 Most appearances in competitive matches (World Cup, European Championship and qualifiers) Steven Gerrard, 69, 17 June 2000   24 June 2014 Longest England career Stanley Matthews, 22 years 228 days, 29 September 1934   15 May 1957 Shortest England career Martin Kelly, 2 minutes, 26 May 2012, 1-0 vs.
 Norway Most consecutive appearances comprising entire England career Roger Byrne, 33, 3 April 1954   27 November 1957 Youngest player Theo Walcott, 17 years 75 days, 30 May 2006, 3-1 vs.
 Hungary Oldest player Stanley Matthews, 42 years 103 days, 15 May 1957, 4-1 vs.
 Denmark Oldest debutant Alexander Morten, 41 years 113 days, 8 March 1873, 4-2 vs.
 Scotland Oldest outfield debutant Leslie Compton, 38 years 64 days, 15 November 1950, 4-2 vs.
 Wales Most appearances at the World Cup finals Peter Shilton, 17, 16 June 1982   7 July 1990 Most appearances without ever playing at the World Cup finals Dave Watson, 65, 3 April 1974   2 June 1982 Appearances at three World Cup final tournaments Tom Finney, 1950, 1954 and 1958 Billy Wright, 1950, 1954 and 1958 Bobby Charlton, 1962, 1966 and 1970 Bobby Moore, 1962, 1966 and 1970 Peter Shilton, 1982, 1986 and 1990 Bryan Robson, 1982, 1986 and 1990 Terry Butcher, 1982, 1986 and 1990 David Beckham, 1998, 2002 and 2006 Michael Owen, 1998, 2002 and 2006 Sol Campbell, 1998, 2002 and 2006 Ashley Cole, 2002, 2006 and 2010 Steven Gerrard, 2006, 2010 and 2014 Wayne Rooney, 2006, 2010 and 2014 Most non-playing selections for the World Cup finals Alan Hodgkinson, 2, 1958 and 1962 George Eastham, 2, 1962 and 1966 Viv Anderson, 2, 1982 and 1986 Chris Woods, 2, 1986 and 1990 Nigel Martyn, 2, 1998 and 2002 Martin Keown, 2, 1998 and 2002 David James, 2, 2002 and 2006 Oldest player to feature at the World Cup finals Peter Shilton, 40 years, 292 days, 7 July 1990, 1-2 vs.
 Italy Oldest outfield player to feature at the World Cup finals Stanley Matthews, 39 years, 145 days, 26 June 1954, 2-4 vs.
 Uruguay Youngest player to feature at the World Cup finals Michael Owen, 18 years, 183 days, 15 June 1998, 2-0 vs.
 Tunisia Oldest player to feature in a World Cup qualifying match Stanley Matthews, 42 years, 103 days, 5 May 1957, 4-1 vs.
 Denmark Youngest player to feature in a World Cup qualifying match Wayne Rooney, 18 years, 351 days, 9 October 2004, 2-0 vs.
 Wales First player to debut at the World Cup finals Laurie Hughes, 25 June 1950, 2-0 vs.
 Chile Last player to debut at the World Cup finals Allan Clarke, 7 June 1970, 1-0 vs.
 Czechoslovakia Most appearances at the European Championship finals Gary Neville, 11, 8 June 1996   24 June 2004 Most consecutive appearances at the European Championship finals Stuart Pearce, 8, 11 June 1992   26 June 1996 Alan Shearer, 8, 8 June 1996   20 June 2000 Ashley Cole, 8, 13 June 2004   24 June 2012 Steven Gerrard, 8, 13 June 2004   24 June 2012 Most appearances without ever playing at the European Championship finals Rio Ferdinand, 81, 15 November 1997   4 June 2011 Appearances at three European Championship final tournaments Tony Adams, 1988, 1996 and 2000 Alan Shearer, 1992, 1996 and 2000 Gary Neville, 1996, 2000 and 2004 Sol Campbell, 1996, 2000 and 2004 Steven Gerrard, 2000, 2004 and 2012 Most non-playing selections for the European Championship finals Tony Dorigo, 2, 1988 and 1992 Ian Walker, 2, 1996 and 2004 Oldest player to feature at the European Championship finals Peter Shilton, 38 years, 271 days, 15 June 1988, 1-3 vs.
 Netherlands Oldest outfield player to feature at the European Championship finals Stuart Pearce, 34 years, 63 days, 26 June 1996, 1-1 vs.
 Germany Youngest player to feature at the European Championship finals  Wayne Rooney, 18 years, 232 days, 13 June 2004, 1-2 vs.
 France Oldest player to feature in a European Championship qualifying match David Seaman, 39 years, 27 days, 16 October 2002, 2-2 vs.
 Macedonia Oldest outfield player to feature in a European Championship qualifying match Stuart Pearce, 37 years, 137 days, 8 September 1999, 0-0 vs.
 Poland Youngest player to feature in a European Championship qualifying match Wayne Rooney, 17 years, 156 days, 29 March 2003, 2-0 vs.
 Liechtenstein First player to debut at the European Championship finals Tommy Wright, 8 June 1968, 0-1 vs.
 Yugoslavia Most appearances on aggregate at the World Cup and European Championship finals Ashley Cole, 22, 2 June 2002   24 June 2012 Most appearances without ever playing at the World Cup finals or the European Championship finals Emlyn Hughes, 62, 5 November 1969   24 May 1980 Fewest appearances while still playing at the World Cup finals and European Championship finals Tommy Wright, 11, 8 June 1968   7 June 1970 Most appearances without ever being in a World Cup or European Championship finals squad Mick Channon, 46, 11 October 1972   7 September 1977 Most appearances without featuring in a competitive match George Eastham, 19, 8 May 1963   3 July 1966 Most Home International (British Championship) appearances Billy Wright, 38, 28 September 1946   11 April 1959 Most appearances without ever playing on a losing team David Rocastle, 14, 14 September 1988   17 May 1992 Most appearances without ever playing on a winning team Tommy Banks, 6, 18 May 1958   4 October 1958 Most appearances against a single opponent Billy Wright, 13 vs.
 Ireland/Northern Ireland, 28 September 1946   4 October 1958 and vs.
 Scotland, 12 April 1947   11 April 1959 Most appearances against a single non-British opponent Alan Ball, 8 vs.
 West Germany, 12 May 1965   12 March 1975 Most appearances at the old Wembley Peter Shilton, 52, 25 November 1970   22 May 1990 Most appearances at the new Wembley Steven Gerrard, 31, 1 June 2007   30 May 2014 Most appearances at a single non-English ground Billy Wright, 7, Windsor Park, Belfast, 28 September 1946   4 October 1958 Most appearances at a single non-British ground Glenn Hoddle, 5, Azteca Stadium, Mexico City, 6 June 1985   22 June 1986 Kenny Sansom, 5, Azteca Stadium, Mexico City, 6 June 1985   22 June 1986 Most consecutive years of appearances David Seaman, 15, 1988 to 2002 inclusive Rio Ferdinand, 15, 1997 to 2011 inclusive Most appearances in a single calendar year Jack Charlton, 16, 1966 Longest wait between appearances Ian Callaghan, 11 years 49 days, 20 July 1966, 2-0 vs.
 France   7 September 1977, 0-0 vs.
 Switzerland Most internationals missed in career Michael Carrick, 116, 25 May 2001   15 October 2013 Most tournaments appeared in consecutively Sol Campbell, 6, 1996 European Championships   2006 World Cup Appearances in three separate decades Sam Hardy, 1900s, 1910s, 1920s Jesse Pennington, 1900s, 1910s, 1920s Stanley Matthews, 1930s, 1940s, 1950s Bobby Charlton, 1950s, 1960s, 1970s Emlyn Hughes, 1960s, 1970s, 1980s Peter Shilton, 1970s, 1980s, 1990s Tony Adams, 1980s, 1990s, 2000s David Seaman, 1980s, 1990s, 2000s Wes Brown, 1990s, 2000s, 2010s Jamie Carragher, 1990s, 2000s, 2010s Rio Ferdinand, 1990s, 2000s, 2010s Emile Heskey, 1990s, 2000s, 2010s David James, 1990s, 2000s, 2010s Frank Lampard, 1990s, 2000s, 2010s First player to make tournament appearances in three separate decades Tony Adams, 1988 European Championships; 1996 European Championships and 1998 World Cup; 2000 European Championships Most appearances on aggregate by a set of brothers Gary and Philip Neville, 144, 1995   2007 Most appearances in the same team by a set of brothers Gary and Philip Neville, 31, 23 May 1996   7 February 2007 Most consecutive appearances by an unchanged team 6, 23 July 1966   16 November 1966 Appearances under most different managers Gareth Barry, 8, 31 May 2000   26 May 2012 First appearance by a player who had never played for an English club Joe Baker, of Hibernian, 18 November 1959, 2-1 vs.
 Northern Ireland First player to debut as a substitute Norman Hunter, 8 December 1965, 2-0 vs.
 Spain Last appearance by a player from outside the top division of a country Wilfried Zaha, 14 November 2012, 2-4 vs.
 Sweden Most appearances by a player from outside the top division of a country Johnny Haynes, 32, 2 October 1954   28 May 1959 Most appearances by a player from outside the top two divisions Reg Matthews, 5, 14 April 1956   6 October 1956 Most appearances by a player from outside the English League system David Beckham, 55, 20 August 2003   14 October 2009 Club providing the most England internationals in total Aston Villa, 73 (as of 3 September 2014) Most appearances per English club Most appearances with non-English clubs England starting XI based on appearances    First goal William Kenyon-Slaney, 8 March 1873, 4-2 vs.
 Scotland Most goals Bobby Charlton, 49, 19 April 1958   21 May 1970 Most goals in competitive matches (World Cup, European Championship and qualifiers) Wayne Rooney, 32, 6 September 2003   15 November 2014 Most goals in a match Howard Vaughton, Steve Bloomer, Willie Hall and Malcolm Macdonald, all 5 Four goals or more in a single match on the greatest number of occasions Steve Bloomer, Vivian Woodward, Tommy Lawton, Jimmy Greaves and Gary Lineker, twice each Three goals or more in a single match on the greatest number of occasions Jimmy Greaves, six times Scoring in most consecutive internationals Tinsley Lindley, 6, 5 February 1887   7 April 1888 Jimmy Windridge, 6, 16 March 1908   13 June 1908 Tommy Lawton, 6, 22 October 1938   13 May 1939 Scoring in most consecutive appearances Steve Bloomer, 10, 9 March 1895   20 March 1899 Most goals on debut Howard Vaughton, 5, 18 February 1882, 13-0 vs Ireland Most goals in a single World Cup tournament Gary Lineker, 6, 1986 World Cup Most goals in total at World Cup tournaments Gary Lineker, 10, 11 June 1986   4 July 1990 Most goals in a single World Cup qualifying campaign Wayne Rooney, 9, 2010 World Cup qualifying, 2008 09 Most goals in a single World Cup finals match Geoff Hurst, 3, 30 July 1966, 4-2 vs.
 West Germany Gary Lineker, 3, 11 June 1986, 3-0 vs.
 Poland Most goals in a single World Cup qualifying match Jack Rowley, 4, 15 October 1949, 9-2 vs.
 Northern Ireland David Platt, 4, 17 February 1993, 6-0 vs.
 San Marino Ian Wright, 4, 17 November 1993, 7-1 vs.
 San Marino First goal in a World Cup finals match Stan Mortensen, 25 June 1950, 2-0 vs.
 Chile First goal in a World Cup qualifying campaign  Stan Mortensen, 15 October 1949, 4-1 vs.
 Wales Oldest goalscorer at the World Cup finals Tom Finney, 36 years, 64 days, 8 June 1958, 2-2 vs.
 USSR Youngest goalscorer at the World Cup finals Michael Owen, 18 years, 190 days, 22 June 1998, 1-2 vs.
 Romania Oldest goalscorer in a World Cup qualifying match Teddy Sheringham, 35 years, 187 days, 6 October 2001, 2-2 vs.
 Greece Youngest goalscorer in a World Cup qualifying match Alex Oxlade-Chamberlain, 19 years, 58 days, 12 October 2012, 5-0 vs.
 San Marino Most goals in a single European Championship tournament Alan Shearer, 5, 1996 European Championship Most goals in total at European Championship tournaments Alan Shearer, 7, 8 June 1996   20 June 2000 Most goals in a single European Championship qualifying campaign Kevin Keegan, 7, 1980 European Championship qualifying, 1978 80 Most goals in a single European Championship finals match Alan Shearer, 2, 18 June 1996, 4-1 vs.
 Netherlands Teddy Sheringham, 2, 18 June 1996, 4-1 vs.
 Netherlands Wayne Rooney, 2, 17 June 2004, 3-0 vs.
 Switzerland Wayne Rooney, 2, 21 June 2004, 4-2 vs.
 Croatia Most goals in a single European Championship qualifying match Malcolm Macdonald, 5, 16 April 1975, 5-0 vs.
 Cyprus First goal in a European Championship finals match Bobby Charlton, 8 June 1968, 2-0 vs.
 USSR First goal in a European Championship qualifying campaign Ron Flowers, 3 October 1962, 1-1 vs.
 France Oldest goalscorer at the European Championship finals Trevor Brooking, 31 years, 260 days, 18 June 1980, 2-1 vs.
 Spain Youngest goalscorer at the European Championship finals Wayne Rooney, 18 years, 236 days, 17 June 2004, 3-0 vs.
 Switzerland Oldest goalscorer in a European Championship qualifying match Dave Watson, 33 years, 48 days, 22 November 1979, 2-0 vs.
 Bulgaria Youngest goalscorer in a European Championship qualifying match Wayne Rooney, 17 years, 317 days, 6 September 2003, 2-1 vs.
 Macedonia Most Home International (British Championship) goals Steve Bloomer, 28, 9 March 1895   6 April 1907 Most goals in a single calendar year George Hilsdon, 12, 1908 Dixie Dean, 12, 1927 Most goals in an English season Jimmy Greaves, 13, 1960-61 Most goals against a single opponent Steve Bloomer, 12 vs.
 Wales, 16 March 1896   18 March 1901 Most goals against a single non-British opponent Vivian Woodward, 8 vs.
 Austria, 6 June 1908   1 June 1909 Most goals scored from penalties Frank Lampard, 9, 8 October 2005   11 September 2012 Most penalty goals scored in a match Tom Finney, 2, 14 May 1950, 5-2 vs.
 Portugal Geoff Hurst, 2, 13 March 1969, 5-0 vs.
 France Gary Lineker, 2, 1 July 1990, 3-2 vs.
 Cameroon Most goals in penalty shoot-outs Michael Owen, David Platt and Alan Shearer, 3 Most goals scored by a defender Jack Charlton, 6, 10 April 1965   10 December 1969 John Terry, 6, 3 June 2003   1 April 2009 Oldest goalscorer Stanley Matthews, 41 years, 248 days, 6 October 1956, 1-1 vs.
 Northern Ireland Youngest goalscorer Wayne Rooney, 17 years, 317 days, 6 September 2003, 2-1 vs.
 Macedonia First goal by a substitute Jimmy Mullen, 18 May 1950, 4-1 vs.
 Belgium Fastest goal from kickoff Tommy Lawton, 17 seconds, 25 May 1947, 10-0 vs.
 Portugal Fastest goal at Wembley Bryan Robson, 38 seconds, 13 December 1989, 2-1 vs.
 Yugoslavia Fastest goal at the World Cup finals Bryan Robson, 27 seconds, 16 June 1982, 3-1 vs.
 France Fastest goal at the European Championship finals Michael Owen, 2 minutes 24 seconds, 24 June 2004, 2-2 vs.
 Portugal Fastest goal by a substitute Teddy Sheringham, 15 seconds, 6 October 2001, 2-2 vs.
 Greece, 2002 World Cup qualifier First player to score hat-trick Digger Brown or Howard Vaughton, 18 February 1882, 13-0 vs Ireland Oldest player to score hat-trick Gary Lineker, 30 years, 194 days, 12 June 1991, 4-2 vs Malaysia Youngest player to score hat-trick Theo Walcott, 19 years, 178 days, 10 September 2008, 4-1 vs Croatia Most appearances for an outfield player without ever scoring Ashley Cole, 107, 28 March 2001   5 March 2014 Most different goalscorers in one match 7, 15 December 1982, 9-0 vs.
 Luxembourg 7, 22 March 2013, 8-0 vs.
 San Marino Goals in three separate decades Stanley Matthews, 1930s, 1940s, 1950s Bobby Charlton, 1950s, 1960s, 1970s Most consecutive goalscoring tournaments Michael Owen, 4, v Romania and Argentina, 1998 World Cup; v Romania, 2000 European Championships; v Denmark and Brazil, 2002 World Cup; v Portugal, 2004 European Championships Longest wait between goals Tony Adams, 11 years 196 days, 16 November 1988, 1-1 vs.
 Saudi Arabia   31 May 2000, 2-0 vs Ukraine Last England goalscorer at the old Wembley Tony Adams, 31 May 2000, 2-0 vs Ukraine First England goalscorer at the new Wembley John Terry, 1 June 2007, 1-1 vs Brazil Highest goals to games average George Camsell, 18 goals in 9 games, average 2.
0 goals per game.
 Most goals by a player from outside the top division of a country Vivian Woodward, 29, 14 February 1903   3 March 1911 Most goals by a player from outside the top two divisions Tommy Lawton, Joe Payne and Peter Taylor, all 2 Most goals by a player from outside the English League system David Platt, 19, 17 May 1992   8 June 1995 Most goals per English club Most goals with non-English clubs   First captain Cuthbert Ottaway, 30 November 1872, 0-0 vs.
 Scotland Most appearances as captain Billy Wright and Bobby Moore, both 90 Youngest captain Bobby Moore, 22 years 47 days, 29 May 1963, 4-2 vs.
 Czechoslovakia Oldest captain Alexander Morten, 41 years 113 days, 8 March 1873, 4-2 vs.
 Scotland   Most yellow cards David Beckham, 17 Most red cards David Beckham, 2 Wayne Rooney, 2 List of all England players sent off   Biggest victory 13-0 vs Ireland, 18 February 1882 Heaviest defeat 1-7 vs Hungary, 23 May 1954 Biggest home victory 13-2 vs Ireland, 18 February 1899 Biggest home defeat 1-6 vs Scotland, 12 March 1881 Biggest victory at the World Cup finals 3-0 vs Poland, 11 June 1986 3-0 vs Paraguay, 18 June 1986 3-0 vs Denmark, 15 June 2002 Heaviest defeat at the World Cup finals 1-4 vs Germany, 27 June 2010 Biggest victory at the European Championship finals 4-1 vs Netherlands, 18 June 1996 3-0 vs Switzerland, 17 June 2004 Heaviest defeat at the European Championship finals 1-3 vs Netherlands, 15 June 1988 1-3 vs USSR, 18 June 1988 Biggest victory in a competitive international (World Cup, European Championship and qualifiers) 9-0 vs Luxembourg, 19 October 1960 9-0 vs Luxembourg, 15 December 1982 Heaviest defeat in a competitive international (World Cup, European Championship and qualifiers) 2-5 vs France, 27 February 1963 1-4 vs Germany, 27 June 2010 First defeat to a non-British team 3-4 vs.
 Spain, 15 May 1929 First defeat to a non-British team on home soil 0-2 vs.
 Republic of Ireland, 21 September 1949 Most consecutive victories 10, 6 June 1908 vs.
 Austria   1 June 1909 vs.
 Austria Most consecutive matches without defeat 20, 15 March 1890 vs.
 Wales   16 March 1896 vs.
 Wales Most consecutive defeats  3, Achieved on six occasions, most recently 12 June 1988 vs.
 Republic of Ireland   18 June 1988 vs.
 USSR Most consecutive matches without victory 7, 11 May 1958 vs.
 Yugoslavia   4 October 1958 vs.
 Northern Ireland Most consecutive draws 4, Achieved on three occasions, most recently 7 June 1989 vs.
 Denmark   15 November 1989 vs.
 Italy Most consecutive matches without a draw 21, 16 May 1936 vs.
 Austria   15 April 1939 vs.
 Scotland Most consecutive matches scoring 52, 17 March 1884 vs.
 Wales   30 March 1901 vs.
 Scotland Most consecutive matches without scoring 4, 29 April 1981 vs.
 Romania   23 May 1981 vs.
 Scotland Most consecutive matches conceding a goal 13, 6 May 1959 vs.
 Italy   8 October 1960 vs.
 Northern Ireland Most consecutive matches without conceding a goal 6, Achieved on four occasions, most recently 25 June 2006 vs.
 Ecuador   7 October 2006 vs.
 Macedonia   First substitute Jimmy Mullen (for Jackie Milburn), 18 May 1950, 4-1 vs.
 Belgium Players appearing both before and after World War II Raich Carter, Tommy Lawton, Stanley Matthews Non-English club providing the most England internationals in total Rangers, 7 (as of 12 August 2009) Club providing the most players in a single match Starting XI - Arsenal, 7, 14 November 1934 vs Italy Including substitutes - Manchester United, 7, 28 March 2001 vs Albania Major tournament - Liverpool, 6, 19 June 2014 vs Uruguay Club providing the most players in a major tournament squad Liverpool, 6, 1980 European Championships, 2012 European Championships, 2014 World Cup (3 separate occasions) Most appearances on aggregate from one club's players Manchester United, 1179 (as of 18 November 2014) Most goals on aggregate from one club's players Manchester United, 217 (as of 18 November 2014) Last amateur to appear Bernard Joy, 9 May 1936, 2-3 vs.
 Belgium Most consecutive clean sheets Gordon Banks, 7, 26 June 1966   23 July 1966 Most penalty saves Ron Springett, 2, from Jimmy McIlroy of Northern Ireland, 18 November 1959 and from Oscar Montalvo of Peru, 20 May 1962 Most penalty saves in shoot outs David Seaman, 2, from Miguel Angel Nadal of Spain, 22 June 1996 and from Hern n Crespo of Argentina, 30 June 1998 Most penalty misses Ernest Needham, Roger Byrne, Francis Lee, David Beckham and Frank Lampard, all 2 Shortest player Fanny Walden, 5 ft.
 2ins.
, 4 April 1914, vs.
 Scotland Tallest player Peter Crouch, 6 ft.
 7ins.
, 31 May 2005, vs.
 Colombia Fraser Forster, 6 ft.
 7ins.
, 15 November 2013, vs.
 Chile Heaviest player  probably Bill 'Fatty' Foulke, probably between 15 and 21 stone, 29 March 1897, 4-0 vs.
 Wales Longest-lived player Dick Pym, 95 years 238 days, 2 February 1893   16 September 1988 Oldest living player Ivor Broadis, 700192000000000000092 years, 700156000000000000056 days, born 18 December 1922 Shortest-lived player Duncan Edwards, 21 years 143 days, 1 October 1936   21 February 1958 Father and son both capped George Eastham, Sr.
, (1 cap, 1935) and George Eastham (19 caps, 1963   66) Brian Clough (2 caps, 1959) and Nigel Clough (14 caps, 1989   93) Frank Lampard, Sr.
 (2 caps, 1972   80) and Frank Lampard (106 caps, 1999   2014) Ian Wright (33 caps, 1991   98) and Shaun Wright-Phillips (36 caps, 2004   ) Mark Chamberlain (8 caps, 1982   84) and Alex Oxlade-Chamberlain (20 caps, 2012   ) Grandfather and grandson both capped Bill Jones, (2 caps, 1950) and Rob Jones (8 caps, 1992   95) Most clubs represented by one player in an England career Peter Shilton, 5, Leicester City, Stoke City, Nottingham Forest, Southampton and Derby County, 25 November 1970   7 July 1990 Dave Watson, 5, Sunderland, Manchester City, Werder Bremen, Southampton and Stoke City, 3 April 1974   2 June 1982 David Platt, 5, Aston Villa, Bari, Juventus, Sampdoria and Arsenal, 15 November 1989   26 June 1996 David James, 5, Liverpool, Aston Villa, West Ham United, Manchester City and Portsmouth, 29 March 1997   27 June 2010 Emile Heskey, 5, Leicester City, Liverpool, Birmingham City, Wigan Athletic and Aston Villa, 28 April 1999   27 June 2010 Scott Parker, 5, Charlton Athletic, Chelsea, Newcastle United, West Ham United and Tottenham Hotspur, 16 November 2003   22 March 2013 England players who later became manager/head coach Alf Ramsey, 32 appearances as a player, 1948   1953, 113 matches as manager, 1963   1974 Joe Mercer, 5 appearances as a player, 1938   1939, 7 matches as manager, 1974 Don Revie, 6 appearances as a player, 1954   1956, 29 matches as manager, 1974   1977 Bobby Robson, 20 appearances as a player, 1957   1962, 95 matches as manager, 1982   1990 Terry Venables, 2 appearances as a player, 1964, 23 matches as head coach, 1994   1996 Glenn Hoddle, 53 appearances as a player, 1979   1988, 28 matches as manager, 1996   1999 Kevin Keegan, 63 appearances as a player, 1972   1982, 18 matches as manager, 1999   2000 Peter Taylor, 4 appearances as a player, 1976, 1 match as manager, 2000 Stuart Pearce, 78 appearances as a player, 1987   1999, 1 match as manager, 2012    Tommy Cheung Yu-yan, SBS, JP (Chinese:  , born 30 September 1949 in Hong Kong) is a member of the Legislative Council of Hong Kong (LegCo), representing the catering industry in functional constituencies seats.
 He is a member of the Liberal Party.
   He graduated from the Diocesan Boys' School and Pepperdine University.
 He was previously a member of the Eastern District Council.
 He is a businessman, chairman of a trading and investment company, and a member of the Diocesan Boys' School school committee.
   In late 2005, when there were strong concerns regarding a potential "bird flu" pandemic, Cheung became "an outspoken opponent of migratory birds".
 As reported in Hong Kong Standard: "Perhaps what we should do is give each person a gun and when we see a migrating bird, we can just shoot it down, so Hong Kong would be a much safer place," he said last week.
 Cheung, who represents the catering sector, stood by his comments Monday: "What I'm trying to explain is that migrating birds are the problem.
 Getting rid of chickens doesn't stop avian flu.
" On 20 March 2010, after Cheung suggested a minimum wage of HK$20/hour, he became the subject of insults and derision from some quarters.
    A miracle is an event not explicable by natural or scientific laws.
 Such an event may be attributed to a supernatural being (God or gods), a miracle worker, a saint or a religious leader.
 Theologians say that, with divine providence, God(s) regularly work through created nature yet are free to work without, above, or against it as well.
 The word "miracle" is often used to characterise any beneficial event that is statistically unlikely but not contrary to the laws of nature, such as surviving a natural disaster, or simply a "wonderful" occurrence, regardless of likelihood, such as a birth.
 Other miracles might be: survival of an illness diagnosed as terminal, escaping a life-threatening situation or 'beating the odds'.
 Some coincidences may be seen as miracles.
      The gospels record three sorts of miracles performed by Jesus: exorcisms, cures, and nature wonders.
 In St John's Gospel the miracles are referred to as "signs" and the emphasis is on God demonstrating his underlying normal activity in remarkable ways.
 In the New Testament, the greatest miracle is the resurrection of Jesus, the event central to Christian faith.
 Jesus explains in the New Testament that miracles are performed by faith in God.
 "If you have faith as small as a mustard seed, you can say to this mountain, 'move from here to there' and it will move.
" (Gospel of Matthew 17:20).
 After Jesus returned to heaven, the book of Acts records the disciples of Jesus praying to God to grant that miracles be done in his name, for the purpose of convincing onlookers that he is alive.
 (Acts 4:29 31).
 Other passages mention false prophets who will be able to perform miracles to deceive "if possible, even the elect of Christ" (Matthew 24:24).
 2 Thessalonians 2:9 says, "And then shall that Wicked be revealed, whom the Lord shall consume with the spirit of His mouth, and shall destroy with the brightness of His coming: Even him, whose coming is after the working of Satan with all power and signs and lying wonders, and with all deceivableness of unrighteousness in them that perish; because they received not the love of the Truth, that they might be saved.
" Revelation 13:13,14 says, "And he doeth great wonders, so that he maketh fire come down from heaven on the earth in the sight of men, and deceiveth them that dwell on the earth by the means of those miracles which he had power to do in the sight of the beast; saying to them that dwell on the earth, that they sould make an image to the beast, which had the wound by a sword, and did live.
" Revelation 16:14 says, "For they are the spirits of devils, working miracles, which go forth unto the kings of the earth and of the whole world, to gather them to the battle of that great day of God Almighty.
" Revelation 19:20 says, "And the beast was taken, and with him the false prophet that wrought miracles before him, with which he deceived them that had received the mark of the beast, and them that worshipped his image.
 These both were cast alive into a lake of fire burning with brimstone.
" These passages indicate that signs, wonders, and miracles are not necessarily committed by God.
 In early Christianity miracles were the most often attested motivations for conversions of pagans; pagan Romans took the existence of miracles for granted; Christian texts reporting them offered miracles as divine proof of the Christian God's unique claim to authority, relegating all other gods to the lower status of daimones: "of all worships, the Christian best and most particularly advertised its miracles by driving out of spirits and laying on of hands".
 The Gospel of John is structured around miraculous "signs": The success of the Apostles according to the church historian Eusebius of Caesarea lay in their miracles: "though laymen in their language", he asserted, "they drew courage from divine, miraculous powers".
 The conversion of Constantine by a miraculous sign in heaven is a prominent fourth-century example.
 Since the Age of Enlightenment, miracles have often needed to be rationalized: C.
S.
 Lewis, Norman Geisler, William Lane Craig, and other 20th-century Christians have argued that miracles are reasonable and plausible.
 For example, Lewis said that a miracle is something that comes totally out of the blue.
 If for thousands of years a woman can become pregnant only by sexual intercourse with a man, then if she were to become pregnant without a man, it would be a miracle.
 There have been numerous claims of miracles by people of most Christian denominations, including but not limited to faith healings and casting out demons.
 Miracle reports are especially prevalent in Roman Catholicism and Pentecostal or Charismatic churches.
    The Catholic Church recognises miracles as being works of God, either directly, or through the prayers and intercessions of a specific saint or saints.
 There is usually a specific purpose connected to a miracle, e.
g.
 the conversion of a person or persons to the Catholic faith or the construction of a church desired by God.
 The Church says that it tries to be very cautious to approve the validity of putative miracles.
 The Catholic Church says that it maintains particularly stringent requirements in validating the miracle's authenticity.
 The process is overseen by the Congregation for the Causes of Saints.
 The Catholic Church has recognised several events as miracles, some of them occurring in modern times.
 Before a person can be accepted as a saint, they must be confirmed as having performed two miracles posthumously.
 In the procedure of beatification of Pope John Paul II, who died in 2005, the Vatican announced on 14 January 2011 that Pope Benedict XVI had confirmed that the recovery of Sister Marie Simon-Pierre from Parkinson's disease was a miracle.
 Among the more notable miracles approved by the Church are several Eucharistic miracles wherein the sacramental bread and wine are transformed into Christ's flesh and blood, such as the Miracle of Lanciano and cures in Lourdes.
 According to 17th century documents, a young Spanish man's leg was miraculously restored to him in 1640 after having been amputated two and a half years earlier.
 Another miracle approved by the Church is the Miracle of the Sun, which occurred near F tima, Portugal on October 13, 1917.
 Anywhere between 70,000 and 100,000 people, who were gathered at a cove near F tima, witnessed the sun dim, change colors, spin, dance about in the sky, and appear to plummet to earth, radiating great heat in the process.
 After the ten-minute event, the ground and the people's clothing, which had been drenched by a previous rainstorm, were both dry.
 Velankanni (Mary) can be traced to the mid-16th century and is attributed to three miracles: the apparition of Mary and the Christ Child to a slumbering shepherd boy, the curing of a lame buttermilk vendor, and the rescue of Portuguese sailors from a violent sea storm.
 In addition to these, the Catholic Church attributes miraculous causes to many otherwise inexplicable phenomena on a case-by-case basis.
 Only after all other possible explanations have proven inadequate may the Church assume Divine intervention and declare the miracle worthy of veneration by the faithful.
 The Church does not, however, enjoin belief in any extra-Scriptural miracle as an article of faith or as necessary for salvation.
 St.
 Thomas Aquinas, a prominent Doctor of the Church, divided miracles into three types in his Summa contra Gentiles:  These works that are sometimes done by God outside the usual order assigned to things are wont to be called miracles: because we are astonished (admiramur) at a thing when we see an effect without knowing the cause.
 And since at times one and the same cause is known to some and unknown to others, it happens that of several who see an effect, some are astonished and some not: thus an astronomer is not astonished when he sees an eclipse of the sun, for he knows the cause; whereas one who is ignorant of this science must needs wonder, since he knows not the cause.
 Wherefore it is wonderful to the latter but not to the former.
 Accordingly a thing is wonderful simply, when its cause is hidden simply: and this is what we mean by a miracle: something, to wit, that is wonderful in itself and not only in respect of this person or that.
 Now God is the cause which is hidden to every man simply: for we have proved above that in this state of life no man can comprehend Him by his intellect.
 Therefore properly speaking miracles are works done by God outside the order usually observed in things.
 Of these miracles there are various degrees and orders.
 The highest degree in miracles comprises those works wherein something is done by God, that nature can never do: for instance, that two bodies occupy the same place, that the sun recede or stand still, that the sea be divided and make way to passers by.
 Among these there is a certain order: for the greater the work done by God, and the further it is removed from the capability of nature, the greater the miracle: thus it is a greater miracle that the sun recede, than that the waters be divided.
 The second degree in miracles belongs to those whereby God does something that nature can do, but not in the same order: thus it is a work of nature that an animal live, see and walk: but that an animal live after being dead, see after being blind, walk after being lame, this nature cannot do, but God does these things sometimes by a miracle.
 Among these miracles also, there are degrees, according as the thing done is further removed from the faculty of nature.
 The third degree of miracles is when God does what is wont to be done by the operation of nature, but without the operation of the natural principles: for instance when by the power of God a man is cured of a fever that nature is able to cure; or when it rains without the operation of the principles of nature.
   The Haedong Kosung-jon of Korea (Biographies of High Monks) records that King Beopheung of Silla had desired to promulgate Buddhism as the state religion.
 However, officials in his court opposed him.
 In the fourteenth year of his reign, Beopheung's "Grand Secretary", Ichadon, devised a strategy to overcome court opposition.
 Ichadon schemed with the king, convincing him to make a proclamation granting Buddhism official state sanction using the royal seal.
 Ichadon told the king to deny having made such a proclamation when the opposing officials received it and demanded an explanation.
 Instead, Ichadon would confess and accept the punishment of execution, for what would quickly be seen as a forgery.
 Ichadon prophesied to the king that at his execution a wonderful miracle would convince the opposing court faction of Buddhism's power.
 Ichadon's scheme went as planned, and the opposing officials took the bait.
 When Ichadon was executed on the 15th day of the 9th month in 527, his prophecy was fulfilled; the earth shook, the sun was darkened, beautiful flowers rained from the sky, his severed head flew to the sacred Geumgang mountains, and milk instead of blood sprayed 100 feet in the air from his beheaded corpse.
 The omen was accepted by the opposing court officials as a manifestation of heaven's approval, and Buddhism was made the state religion in 527 CE.
 The Honch  Hokke Reigenki (c.
 1040) of Japan contains a collection of Buddhist miracle stories.
 Miracles play an important role in the veneration of Buddhist relics in Southern Asia.
 Thus, Somawathie Stupa in Sri Lanka is an increasingly popular site of pilgrimage and tourist destination thanks to multiple reports about miraculous rays of light, apparitions and modern legends, which often have been fixed in photographs and movies.
   In Hinduism, miracles are focused on episodes of liberation of the spirit.
 A key example is the revelation of Krishna to Arjuna, wherein Krishna persuades Arjuna to rejoin the battle against his cousins by briefly and miraculously giving Arjuna the power to see the true scope of the Universe, and its sustainment within Krishna, which requires divine vision.
 This is a typical situation in Hindu mythology wherein "wondrous acts are performed for the purpose of bringing spiritual liberation to those who witness or read about them.
" Hindu sages have criticized both expectation and reliance on miracles as cheats, situations where people have sought to earn a benefit without doing the work necessary to merit it.
 Miracles continue to be occasionally reported in the practice of Hinduism, with an example of a miracle modernly reported in Hinduism being the Hindu milk miracle of September 1995, with additional occurrences in 2006 and 2010, wherein statues of certain Hindu deities were seen to drink milk offered to them.
    "Miracle" in the Qur'an can be defined as a supernatural intervention in the life of human beings.
 According to this definition, miracles are present "in a threefold sense: in sacred history, in connection with Muhammad himself and in relation to revelation".
 The Qur'an does not use the technical Arabic word for miracle (Mu d j iza) literally meaning "that by means of which [the Prophet] confounds, overwhelms, his opponents".
 It rather uses the term 'Ayah' (literally meaning sign).
 The term Ayah is used in the Qur'an in the above-mentioned threefold sense: it refers to the "verses" of the Qur'an (believed to be the divine speech in human language; presented by Muhammad as his chief Miracle); as well as to miracles of it and the signs (particularly those of creation).
 To defend the possibility of miracles and God's omnipotence against the encroachment of the independent secondary causes, some medieval Muslim theologians such as Al-Ghazali rejected the idea of cause and effect in essence, but accepted it as something that facilitates humankind's investigation and comprehension of natural processes.
 They argued that the nature was composed of uniform atoms that were "re-created" at every instant by God.
 Thus if the soil was to fall, God would have to create and re-create the accident of heaviness for as long as the soil was to fall.
 For Muslim theologians, the laws of nature were only the customary sequence of apparent causes: customs of God.
 Sufi biographical literature records claims of miraculous accounts of men and women.
 The miraculous prowess of the Sufi holy men includes firasa (clairvoyance), the ability to disappear from sight, to become completely invisible and practice buruz (exteriorization).
 The holy men reportedly tame wild beasts and traverse long distances in a very short time span.
 They could also produce food and rain in seasons of drought, heal the sick and help barren women conceive.
   Descriptions of miracles (Hebrew Ness,  ) appear in the Tanakh.
 Examples include prophets, such as Elijah who performed miracles like the raising of a widow's dead son (1 Kings 17:17 24) and Elisha whose miracles include multiplying the poor widow's jar of oil (2 Kings 4:1 7) and restoring to life the son of the woman of Shunem (2 Kings 4:18 37).
 The Torah describes many miracles related to Moses during his time as a prophet and the Exodus of the Israelites.
 Parting the Red Sea, and facilitating the Plagues of Egypt are among the most famous.
 During the first century BCE, a variety of religious movements and splinter groups developed amongst the Jews in Judea.
 A number of individuals claimed to be miracle workers in the tradition of Moses, Elijah, and Elisha, the Jewish prophets.
 The Talmud provides some examples of such Jewish miracle workers, one of whom is Honi HaM'agel, who was famous for his ability to successfully pray for rain.
 Most Chasidic communities are rife with tales of miracles that follow a yechidut, a spiritual audience with a tzadik: barren women become pregnant, cancer tumors shrink, wayward children become pious.
 Many Hasidim claim that miracles can take place in merit of partaking of the shirayim (the leftovers from the rebbe's meal), such as miraculous healing or blessings of wealth or piety.
     A miracle is a phenomenon not explained by known laws of nature.
 Criteria for classifying an event as a miracle vary.
 Often a religious text, such as the Bible or Quran, states that a miracle occurred, and believers accept this as a fact.
 Others suggest that God may work with the laws of nature to perform what people see as miracles.
 Some theologians say that, with divine providence, God regularly works through created nature yet is free to work without, above, or against it as well.
    British mathematician J.
 E.
 Littlewood suggested that individuals should statistically expect one-in-a-million events ("miracles") to happen to them at the rate of about one per month.
 By Littlewood's definition, seemingly miraculous events are actually commonplace.
     The Aristotelian view of God does not include direct intervention in the order of the natural world.
 Jewish neo-Aristotelian philosophers, who are still influential today, include Maimonides, Samuel ben Judah ibn Tibbon, and Gersonides.
 Directly or indirectly, their views are still prevalent in much of the religious Jewish community.
    In his Tractatus Theologico-Politicus Spinoza claims that miracles are merely lawlike events whose causes we are ignorant of.
 We should not treat them as having no cause or of having a cause immediately available.
 Rather the miracle is for combating the ignorance it entails, like a political project.
    According to the philosopher David Hume, a miracle is "a transgression of a law of nature by a particular volition of the Deity, or by the interposition of some invisible agent".
 The crux of his argument is this: "No testimony is sufficient to establish a miracle, unless the testimony be of such a kind, that its falsehood would be more miraculous, than the fact which it endeavours to establish.
"   According to the Christian theologian Friedrich Schleiermacher "every event, even the most natural and usual, becomes a miracle as soon as the religious view of it can be the dominant".
   The philosopher S ren Kierkegaard, following Hume and Johann Georg Hamann, a Humean scholar, agrees with Hume's definition of a miracle as a transgression of a law of nature, but Kierkegaard, writing as his pseudonym Johannes Climacus, regards any historical reports to be less than certain, including historical reports of miracles, as all historical knowledge is always doubtful and open to approximation.
   James Keller states that "The claim that God has worked a miracle implies that God has singled out certain persons for some benefit which many others do not receive implies that God is unfair.
" "If God intervenes to save your life in a car crash, then what was he doing in Auschwitz?
" Thus an all-powerful, all-knowing and just God, as predicated in Christianity, would not perform miracles.
   Thomas Paine, one of the Founding Fathers of the American Revolution, wrote  All the tales of miracles, with which the Old and New Testament are filled, are fit only for impostors to preach and fools to believe .
 Thomas Jefferson, principal author of the Declaration of Independence of the United States, edited a version of the Bible in which he removed sections of the New Testament containing supernatural aspects as well as perceived misinterpretations he believed had been added by the Four Evangelists.
 Jefferson wrote, "The establishment of the innocent and genuine character of this benevolent moralist, and the rescuing it from the imputation of imposture, which has resulted from artificial systems, [footnote: e.
g.
 The immaculate conception of Jesus, his deification, the creation of the world by him, his miraculous powers, his resurrection and visible ascension, his corporeal presence in the Eucharist, the Trinity; original sin, atonement, regeneration, election, orders of Hierarchy, etc.
  T.
J.
] invented by ultra-Christian sects, unauthorized by a single word ever uttered by him, is a most desirable object, and one to which Priestley has successfully devoted his labors and learning.
" John Adams, second President of the United States, wrote, "The question before the human race is, whether the God of nature shall govern the world by his own laws, or whether priests and kings shall rule it by fictitious miracles?
" American Revolutionary War patriot and hero Ethan Allen wrote "In those parts of the world where learning and science have prevailed, miracles have ceased; but in those parts of it as are barbarous and ignorant, miracles are still in vogue".
 Robert Ingersoll wrote, "Not 20 people were convinced by the reported miracles of Christ, and yet people of the nineteenth century were coolly asked to be convinced on hearsay by miracles which those who are supposed to have seen them refused to credit.
" Elbert Hubbard, American writer, publisher, artist, and philosopher, wrote "A miracle is an event described by those to whom it was told by people who did not see it.
" Biologist Richard Dawkins has criticised the belief in miracles as a subversion of Occam's Razor.
       Houdini, Harry Miracle Mongers and Their Methods: A Complete Expose Prometheus Books; Reprint edition (March 1993) originally published in 1920 ISBN 0-87975-817-1.
 Andrew Dickson White (1896 first edition.
 A classic work constantly reprinted) A History of the Warfare of Science with Theology in Christendom, See chapter 13, part 2, Growth of Legends of Healing: the life of Saint Francis Xavier as a typical example.
 Rory Roybal Miracles or Magic?
.
 Xulon Press, 2005.
 Graves, Wilfred (2007).
 Popular and elite understandings of miracles in enlightened England.
 A dissertation submitted to the Center for Advanced Theological Studies in partial fulfillment of the requirements for the degree of Doctor of Philosophy.
 Pasadena, CA: Fuller Theological Seminary, School of Theology.
   The International Criminal Justice Review is a peer-reviewed academic journal that publishes papers four times a year in the field of Criminal Law.
 The journal's editor is Dean A.
 Dabney (Georgia State University).
 It has been in publication since 1991 and is currently published by SAGE Publications in association with Georgia State University Research Foundation.
   The International Criminal Justice Review is dedicated to presenting system-wide trends and problems on crime and justice worldwide.
 The journal provides a forum for the presentation of research and findings in crime and justice through innovative and advanced methodologies.
 The journal provides a comparative and international overview of law, crime and justice from a cross-cultural perspective.
   The International Criminal Justice Review is abstracted and indexed in the following databases:  Criminal Justice Abstracts NCJRS Abstracts Database PAIS International SafetyLit Wilson Social Sciences Index/Abstracts  The South-East Region is a NUTS Level III region of Ireland.
 It consists of the area under the jurisdiction of the county councils of counties Carlow, Kilkenny, South Tipperary, Wexford, and Waterford City & County Council.
 The South-East region spans 9,406 km2, 13.
5% of the total area of the state and according to the 2006 census has a population of 460,838.
 The regional capital is Waterford city.
 Its NUTS code is IE024.
   The South-East region was administered by the South-East Regional Authority, which consisted of 36 elected representatives including the region's representative on the EU Committee of the Regions.
 These representatives met once a month and are nominated from the five local government councils of the region: Carlow County Council Kilkenny County Council South Tipperary County Council Waterford City and County Council Wexford County Council The Regional Authorities were dissolved in 2014 and were replaced by Regional Assemblies.
   According to the 2006 census, the region had a population of 460,838, which constitutes 11.
0% of the national population.
 Its population density was 49 persons per km2.
 The population of the regional capital, Waterford, was 49,213.
 The main urban centres within the region each exceed 17,000 in terms of population with an evenly distributed network of second and third-tier towns.
 This is also supplemented by a strong rural settlement initiative.
   Regional GDP in 2004 was given as  11,695m, with GDP per capita forming 81.
6% of the state.
 Its GDP per capita was 115.
4% of EU25.
 The workforce of the region in 2006 was 219,759, which equated to a 95.
22% employment rate in 2007.
 The economy of the South-East region is primarily based on several key sectors, ranging from agriculture, to manufacturing, to services and tourism.
 A high proportion of the regions manufacturing sector is foreign-owned.
 It is also an attractive area for investment due to it Industry and Technology parks a highly educated labour force bolstered by three Third Level Education Institutes.
 The economy is also strengthened by its good quality transport and economic infrastructure.
 Tourism in the region is aided by its rich natural, historic and archaeological sites, which attract over 2 million people annually.
   A list of the ten largest settlements in the South-East region.
 County capitals are included and are shown in bold.
   List of regions of the Republic of Ireland  VoiceWeb is an international Speech Solutions and Mobile Marketing Provider, utilizing and combining a multitude of emerging technologies to enable more natural, intuitive, human-like interactions.
 VoiceWeb s Mobile Marketing portfolio consists of Loyalty, Premium or Customer Acquisition Campaigns designed to deliver to Operators most important goals such as increasing ARPU, enhancing Customer Satisfaction and Brand Equity while proposing unique offers to differentiate from the competitors.
 Implementation is achieved with minimum involvement from the MNOs, no commitment of their internal resources and no financial risk.
 Making a breakthrough in the Speech industry, VoiceWeb s  Intelligent Dialogue Manager  has been conceived to extend the existing capability of Language Understanding Technology by generating Natural Language Interactions (NLI) and Free-Format Natural Language conversations to deliver an amazing and effective User Experience that results in unsurpassed User Adoption and User Satisfaction.
 Coupled with VoiceWeb s revolutionary Authentication Delegator (a comprehensive application supporting multiple authentication methods including Voice Biometrics) and the Speech Analyzer (IVR & Speech Analytics), VoiceWeb s integrated Speech Framework enables organizations to deploy Customer Service applications as well as Interactive Multimedia Advertisements & Campaigns via disparate service delivery channels (Phone, Mobile Apps, Web/Social Media) utilizing state-of-the-art speech technologies available nowadays while minimizing all the custom development that used to be required in speech projects.
   The company was founded in March 2001 by Dr.
 Nikos Patsis & Dr.
 Damianos Chatziantoniou and launched the first Greek Voice Portal in May 2001.
 Since then, the company has opened offices in Athens, Greece and Guatemala City, Guatemala.
 Amongst the major stockholders are InQLab, the 1st Greek incubator of technology startups and SETE Ventures, a Venture Capital located in Geneva.
   Organizations such as OTE, Vodafone, WIND, Cosmote, Tellas, Piraeus Bank, National Bank of Greece, First Data, Village Roadshow, Telefonica, Am rica M vil, Tigo, Umniah, Globacom, Mobilink, Warid, Airtel, MTN, Vodacom, Orange, have trusted VoiceWeb to provide them with interactive services so that they can enhance the relationship with their customers   VoiceWeb Voice Ticketing for Village Cinemas, case study at envox.
com Village Cinemas VoiceWeb Voice Ticketing Solution at speechtechmag.
com The Pythia Taxi Dispatching System in Greece by VoiceWeb and LoquendoThe Climax Brewing Company is an American brewery founded in 1996 by Dave Hoffmann.
 Located in Roselle Park, New Jersey, the Climax Brewing Company is a small independently owned craft brewery and is New Jersey s oldest microbrewery.
 Its beers are distributed throughout Pennsylvania, New Jersey, Brooklyn, New York City, Washington DC and Virginia.
   Climax ESB has been listed as a top American beer by Stuff Magazine and Michael Jackson s Ultimate Beer.
 Hoffmann Cream Ale and IPA have also been given accolades by Jackson.
 In the Star Ledger's Malt Madness competition, Hoffmann Helles won the Lagers/Pilsners Category and Hoffmann Hefeweizen was in the Final 4 for Wheats/Whites.
     List of wineries, breweries, and distilleries in New Jersey  Pollanisus cyanota is a moth of the Zygaenidae family.
 It is found in south-eastern Queensland, New South Wales and Victoria.
 The length of the forewings is 6-6.
5 mm for males and females.
 There are two generations per year.
 Adults are metallic dark green with pale speckles.
  Bauer City 3 is a network of 12 popular mainstream music radio stations in Scotland and northern England, owned and operated by Bauer Radio.
   From Monday 19 January 2015, The Hits on DAB was absorbed into the new Bauer City 3 network of stations.
 The new services are locally branded and identified, with the opportunity to split for individual local news, information, advertising and jingles, with The Hits content as a national programme feed.
     Programming is broadcast among all Bauer City 3 stations in Scotland and Northern England, originating from the studios of Key 3 in Castlefield and Clyde 3 in Glasgow.
 Some other output is broadcast from Bauer's headquarters at Golden Square, Soho.
   All stations in the network carry their own local news and traffic bulletins every hour from 6am to 6pm on weekdays and from 9am to 1pm at weekends.
    Lesbian, gay, bisexual, transgender (LGBT) persons in Italy face legal challenges not experienced by non-LGBT residents.
 Both male and female same-sex sexual activity has been legal since 1890, but same-sex couples and households head by same-sex couples are not eligible for the same legal protections available to opposite-sex couples.
 Transsexuals have been allowed to change their legal gender since 1982.
 Although discrimination regarding sexual orientation in employment has been banned since 2003, no other anti-discrimination laws regarding sexual orientation or gender identity and expression have been enacted yet.
 Public opinion on homosexuality has generally been regarded as socially liberal, with a recent poll in 2014 indicating that a majority of Italians support same-sex marriage.
     Same-sex sexual activity has been legal since 1890.
 The age of consent is 14 years.
    Homosexuals are not banned from military service.
 The Armed Forces of Italy cannot deny men or women of homosexual orientation to serve within their ranks, as this would be a violation of Constitutional rights.
   In 2002, Franco Grillini introduced legislation that would modify article III of the Italian Constitution to prohibit discrimination based on sexual orientation.
 It was not successful.
 In 2004, Tuscany became the first Italian region to ban discrimination against homosexuals in the areas of employment, education, public services, and accommodations.
 The Berlusconi government challenged the new law in court, asserting that only the central government had the right to pass such a law.
 The Constitutional Court overturned the provisions regarding accommodations (with respect to private homes and religious institutions), but otherwise upheld most of the legislation.
 Since then, the region of Piedmont has enacted a similar measure.
 Furthermore, since 2003, discrimination on the basis of sexual orientation in employment is illegal throughout the whole country, in conformity with EU directives.
 In 2006, Grillini again introduced a proposal to expand anti-discrimination laws, this time adding gender identity as well as sexual orientation.
 It received less support than the previous one had.
 In 2008, Danilo Giuffrida was awarded 100,000 euros compensation after having been ordered to re-take his driving test by the Italian Ministry of Infrastructure and Transport due to his sexuality; the judge said that the Ministry of Transport was in clear breach of anti-discrimination laws.
 In 2009, the Italian Chamber of Deputies shelved a proposal against homophobic hate-crimes, that would have allowed increased sentences for violence against homosexuals, approving the preliminary questions moved by Union of the Centre and supported by Lega Nord and The People of Freedom (although 9 deputies, politically near to the President of the Chamber Gianfranco Fini, have voted against).
 The deputy Paola Binetti, who belongs to Democratic Party, has voted against the party guidelines.
 On May 16, 2013, a bill which will prohibit discrimination based on sexual orientation and gender identity was presented in a press conference by four deputies of four different parties.
 The bill is cosponsored by 221 MPs of the Chamber of Deputies but none of the center-right side has pledged his support yet.
 In addition to this bill some deputies introduced another two bills.
 On July 7, the Justice Committee advanced an unified bill.
 The bill on the Contrast of Homophobia, Biphobia and Transphobia was amended in compliance of the request of some conservative MPs who fear to be fined or jailed for stating their opposition to the recognition of same-sex unions.
 On August 5, the House started to consider the bill.
 On September 19, 2013, the House of Deputies passed the bill in a 228-58 vote (and 108 abstentions).
 On the same day a controversial amendment passed, which will protect free speech for politicians and clergymen.
 Now the bill goes to the Senate.
    Same-sex couples living in Italy have no shared rights to property, social security and inheritance.
 Since the 2005 regional elections, many Italian regions governed by centre-left coalitions have passed resolutions in support of French style PACS (civil union), including Tuscany, Umbria, Emilia-Romagna, Campania, Marche, Apulia, Lazio, Liguria, and Abruzzo.
 Lombardy, led by the centre-right House of Freedoms, officially declared their opposition to any recognition of same-sex relationships.
 All these actions, however, are merely symbolic as regions do not have legislative power on the matter.
 Despite the fact that several bills on civil unions or the recognition of rights to unregistered couples have been introduced into the Parliament in the past twenty years, none has been approved owing to the strong opposition from the social conservative members of parliament belonging to both coalitions.
 Last, on 8 February 2007 the government led by Romano Prodi introduced a bill which would have granted rights in areas of labour law, inheritance, taxation and health care to same-sex and opposite-sex unregistered partnerships.
 The bill was never made a priority of the legislature and was eventually dropped when a new Parliament was elected after the Prodi government lost a confidence vote.
 In 2010, the Constitutional Court (Corte Costituzionale) issued a landmark ruling where recognized same sex couples as a "legitimate social formation, similar to and deserving homogeneous treatment as marriage".
 Since that ruling, the Corte di Cassazione (the last revision court for some issues such as commercial issues or immigration issues) remanded a decision by a Justice of the Peace who had rejected a residence permit to an Algerian citizen, married in Spain to a Spaniard of the same sex.
 After that, this same judiciary stated that the questura (police office, where residence permits are issued) should deliver a residence permit to a foreigner married with an Italian citizen of his same sex, and cited the ruling 138.
   Adoption and foster care are regulated by the Legge 184/1983.
 Adoption is permitted only to married couples who must be only opposite-sex couples.
 Indeed according to Italian law there are no restrictions on foster care.
 On January 11, 2013 the Supreme Court of Cassation upheld a lower decision of court which granted the sole custody of a child to a lesbian mother.
 The father of the child complained about the homosexual relationship of the mother which would be dangerous for the child.
 The Supreme Court rejected the father's appeal because it was not argued properly.
 On November 15, 2013 it was reported that the Court of Bologna chose a gay couple to foster a 3-year-old child.
    Cross dressing is not illegal in Italy, and sex change operations are also legal, with medical approval.
 However, gender identity is not a part of official anti-discrimination law.
 In 1982 Italy became the third nation in the world to recognise the right to change own legal gender.
 Before Italy only Sweden (1972) and Germany (1980) recognise this right.
 In 2006 a police officer was reportedly fired for cross-dressing in public while off duty.
 The first transgender MP was Vladimir Luxuria, who was elected in 2006 as a representative of the Communist Refoundation Party.
 While she was not reelected, she went onto be the winner of a popular reality television show called L'Isola dei Famosi.
 In 2005 an opposite-sex couple got married.
 Some years later, Alessandro, the man, decided to transition to the female sex.
 In 2009 Alessandro became Alessandra according to the Italian law on transsexualism (Legge 14 aprile 1982, n.
 164 ).
 Later the couple discovered that their marriage was dissolved because the couple became a same-sex couple, even though they did not ask a Civil Court to divorce.
 The Law on Transsexualism (164/1982) prescribes that when a transsexual person is married to another person the couple should divorce, but in the case of Alessandra and her wife there was no will to divorce.
 The couple asked the Civil Court of Modena to nullify the order of dissolvement of their marriage.
 On October 27, 2010, the court ruled in favour of the couple.
 The Italian Ministry of Interior appealed the decision and this time the Court of Appeal of Bologna reversed the trial decision.
 Later the couple appealed the decision to the Court of Cassation.
 On June 6, 2013, the Cassation asked the Constitutional Court whether the Law on Transsexualism is unconstitutional when it orders the dissolvement of marriage by applying the Divorce Law (Legge 1 dicembre 1970, n.
 898 ) even if the couple did not ask to do so.
 The Constitutional Court will decide the case in 2014.
   The major national organization for LGBT rights is Arcigay.
 It was founded in 1985 and is currently working on gaining some form of legal recognition for same-sex couples.
 Some openly gay and bisexual Italian politicians include: Franco Grillini, former member of the Chamber of Deputies for the Democrats of the Left Marco Pannella, member of the European Parliament and leader of the Italian Radical Party (came out after retirement) Nichi Vendola, deputy, leader of Left Ecology Freedom and President of the Puglia region Daniele Capezzone, spokesperson for the People of Freedom party Alfonso Pecoraro Scanio, former Minister of Environment and first openly bisexual minister Rosario Crocetta, President of Sicily and prominent figure of the Democratic Party Paola Concia, deputy for the Democratic Party  In 2007, an ad showing a baby wearing a wristband label that said "homosexual" caused controversy.
 The ads were part of a regional government campaign to combat anti-gay discrimination.
     According to data from the 2010 Italy Eurispes report released Jan.
 29, the percentage of Italians who have a positive attitude towards homosexuality and are in favor of legal recognition of gay and lesbian couples is still growing.
 82% of the Italian states consider homosexuals equal to all others.
 41% of citizens think that homosexual couples have the right to marry in a civil ceremony, and 20.
4% agree with civil unions.
 In total, therefore, 61.
4% are in favor of a form of legal recognition for gay and lesbian couples.
 This is an increase of 2.
5% from last year (58.
9%) and almost 10% in 7 years (51.
6% in 2003).
 "This is further proof that the Italians are ahead of their national institutions.
 Our parliament hear more people and what they hear as soon approve a law that guarantees gay people the opportunity to publicly recognize their families, as is done in 20 European countries "- said the national president Aurelio Mancuso Arcigay.
      Italian unification in 1860 brought together a number of States which had all (with the exception of two) abolished punishment for private, non-commercial and homosexual acts between consenting adults as a result of the Napoleonic Code.
 One of the two exceptions had been the Kingdom of Sardinia which punished homosexual acts between men (although not women) under articles 420 425 of the penal code promulgated in 1859 by Victor Emmanuel II.
 With the unification, the former Kingdom of Sardinia extended its own criminalizing legislation to the rest of the newly born Kingdom of Italy.
 However, this legislation did not apply to the former Kingdom of the Two Sicilies, taking into account the "particular characteristics of those that lived in the south".
 This bizarre situation, where homosexuality was illegal in one part of the kingdom, but legal in another, was only reconciled in 1887, with the promulgation of the Zanardelli Code which abolished all differences in treatment between homosexual and heterosexual relations across the entire territory of Italy.
 Since the introduction of the first Penal Code in 1889, effective in 1890, there have been no laws against private, adult and consensual homosexual relations.
 This situation remained in place despite the fascist promulgation of 19 October 1930 of the Rocco Code.
 This wanted to avoid discussion of the issue completely, in order to avoid creating public scandal.
 Repression was a matter for the Catholic Church, and not the Italian State.
 In any case, it claimed, that most Italians were not interested in an issue only practised by less "healthy" and less "virile" foreigners.
 This did not, however, prevent the fascist authorities from targeting male homosexual behaviour with administrative punishment, such as public admonition and confinement; and gays were persecuted in the later years of the regime of Benito Mussolini and under the Italian Social Republic of 1943 45.
 The arrangements of the Rocco Code have remained in place over subsequent decades.
 Namely the principle that homosexual conduct is an issue of morality and religion, and not criminal sanctions by the State.
 However during the post-war period there have been at least three attempts to re-criminalise it   each attempt blocked by the Christian Democracy.
 And such attitudes have made it difficult to bring discussion of measures, for example to recognise homosexual relationships, to the parliamentary sphere.
    Human rights in Italy General: LGBT rights in Europe  The History of Indians in Singapore refers to the patterns of ethnic Indian migration and settlement in Singapore from 1819 to the present day.
 It also includes the social and political history of the Indian community in Singapore during this period.
    Ancient India exerted a profound influence over Southeast Asia through trade, religious missions, wars and other forms of contact.
 Pre-colonial Singapore was part of 'Indianized Kingdoms' like Srivijaya and the Majapahit, which formed part of a cultural region known as Greater India.
 Prior to the spread of Islam, Singapore and the rest of the Malay World, was Hindu-Buddhist.
 One of the most extensive and enduring Indian influence in Malay culture is the vast number of Indian loan words in the Malay language.
  Indian influence is also seen in symbols and mythology associated with ancient Singapore.
 The name 'Singapore' is derived from a Sanskrit term meaning 'Lion City'.
 The Sejarah Melayu or Malay Annals describe the Malay prince who founded Singapore - Sang Nila Utama - as being a descendant of Alexander the Great and an Indian Princess.
 Meanwhile, the royal and sacred associations of Fort Canning Hill, the seat of ancient rulers, are related to the Hindu Mount Meru concept.
 Archaeological digs have unearthed Hindu-Buddhist artefacts from the pre-colonial period.
 In 1822, John Crawfurd documented the ruins of a Hindu or Buddhist temple on Fort Canning Hill.
 Singapore's two most important pre-colonial artefacts are the Singapore Stone, which is inscribed with an Indic script, and a gold armlet bearing the motif of a Hindu 'kala' head.
      Tamil Muslim traders pioneered the settlement of Serangoon in early 19th century.
 Indian contact was rekindled from 1819 to World War II, when both India and Singapore were under British colonial rule.
 Unlike earlier forms of contact, this led to mass migration and, eventually, the formation of a large, settled and distinct population.
 By 1824, Singapore's first census counted 756 Indian residents, or about 7% of the total population.
 Initially, Indian immigrants were predominantly adult men who came from India to find work, serve military duties or prison sentences for several years before returning home.
 There was a constant flow of Indians in and out of the city, keeping the local community fairly transient.
 The influx of Indians in the half century after 1819 led to a brief period when Indians, for the only time, overtook the Malays to become the second largest ethnic group.
 In 1860, they formed 16% of the population.
 However, their number then fell from 13,000 that year to 12,000 in 1880, or 8.
7% of the population.
 After this, the proportionate size of the Indian community in colonial Singapore was fairly stable, fluctuating between 7.
7% and 9.
4%.
 From the early 20th century, Indians began to settle permanently in greater numbers.
 The chart below compiles data from various sources to show the evolution in the relative size of Singapore's Indian community.
   Scholars have characterised the Indian community in colonial times as being diverse and highly stratified along class lines.
 According to Dr Rajesh Rai, the social hierarchy comprised four main groups - the educated elite, mercantile groups, the white collar middle class and the uneducated labourers.
 Occupation and class were also linked to ethnic background within the Singapore Indian community.
 The English educated: Sri Lankan Tamils and Malayalees were brought to work as clerks in the civil service and European firms, as there were few locals qualified to do these jobs.
 Others became teachers, journalists, nurses, doctors and lawyers.
 They formed the core of the educated Indian middle and upper classes.
  Merchants: key communities, like the Sindhis, Gujaratis, Parsis, and Tamil Muslims ran family businesses, which ranged from petty shopkeeping to major mercantile firms.
 Traditional trades: skilled workers and craftsmen performed a range of job from goldsmiths to priests.
 Most were South Indian caste Hindus.
 For example, the Tamil Chettiar caste achieved fame and fortune as moneylenders.
 Soldiers: the first Indians in Singapore were 120 sepoys in the Bengal Native Infantry and a 'bazaar contingent' of washermen, servants and others who came with Stamford Raffles on his first visit in 1819.
 Throughout the colonial period, military personnel came from all over India.
 Most returned home after their service without settling in Singapore.
 Security personnel: Sikh men found their niche working in the police or as private guards.
 They were valued for being bigger built than other Asians, and for having impressive turbans and beards.
 In the colonial period, Chinese businessmen sometimes decorated their buildings and graves with sculptures of Sikh guards at the entrance.
 Coolies: a large number of Indian migrants were rural Tamils and Telugus who were landless peasants including many from shudra castes as well as Adi Dravidas or '(untouchables)'.
 They were transient unskilled workers who performed manual labour at the docks and construction sites.
 They were stereotypically seen as (and valued for being) docile.
 Convicts: in the 19th century, the British shipped Indian convicts to Singapore to relieve overcrowded Indian jails.
 These men (and some women) were used as labour to build public buildings and roads in Singapore.
 Like the sepoys, they came from all parts of India.
 While some returned to India, several settled in Singapore after serving their sentences.
   From the 19th century, Hindu reform movements emerged in India as part of a broader cultural modernisation.
 These movements sought to promote what they saw as a more authentic form of Hinduism while addressing the abuses, such as the Hindu caste system.
 These movements spread to overseas Indian communities, including Singapore.
  One of the most prominent examples was the Ramakrishna Mission.
 It was founded by Sri Ramakrishna's chief disciple and religious leader, Swami Vivekananda in 1897.
 It conducted missionary and philanthropic work, including operating a home for boys from troubled families in Singapore.
 The Arya Samaj was another Hindu reform movement with a presence in Singapore.
 It was founded in India by Swami Dayananda in 1875.
 He was a sannyasi (renouncer) who believed in the infallible authority of the Vedas.
 The group was popular among some North Indian Hindus in Singapore, but failed to gather much support from the rest of the Hindu community.
 The Sree Narayana Mission was another group from India that, like the Ramakrishna Mission, engaged in the provision of social welfare services.
 It currently runs a home for destitute older people of all races and religions in Singapore.
 Another important movement was the Self-Respect Movement, which emerged in Tamil Nadu to liberate Adi Dravidas and lower caste Tamils from what was seen as Brahmin oppression.
 This movement sought inspiration from Tamil history and culture.
 In Singapore, groups like the Tamil Reform Council were inspired by this movement.
 Leaders like Thamizhavel G.
 Sarangapani focussed on moral, social and religious reform.
 For example, they campaigned against alcohol abuse, which was a problem among the coolie class.
 These groups also promoted the use of the Tamil language, and the development of Tamil literature in Singapore.
 They were also involved in the union activism, especially in those work sectors dominated by Tamils.
 Tamil-educated journalists and teachers were at the forefront of the Tamil Reform movement.
    The 1915 Singapore Mutiny, also known as the 1915 Sepoy Mutiny, was an incident concerning 850 sepoys (Indian soldiers) who mutinied against the British on 15 February 1915 in Singapore, as part of the 1915 Ghadar Conspiracy (not to be mistaken for the Indian Mutiny of 1857).
 The mainly Muslim sepoys mutinied because they believed they were being sent to fight for the British against Muslim Turks, as part of the First World War.
 This mutiny lasted nearly 7 days, and resulted in the deaths of 47 British soldiers and local civilians.
 The mutineers were later rounded up and executed.
 In general, the mutiny was restricted to the Muslim sepoys, and did not involve the wider Indian population.
   While the mutiny was a significant event in the history of Singapore, and one of the most important ones specifically involving the Indian community, it was somewhat distinct from the mainstream development of Indian nationalist sentiments in the local Indian population, which emerged most prominently around the time of the Second World War.
 Nationalist movements in India established branch organisations in Singapore to draw on local Indian support for Indian independence.
 The Indian Independence League was a political organisation operated from the 1920s to the 1940s to organize those living outside of India to remove the British from India.
 Founded in 1928 by Indian nationalists Subhas Chandra Bose and Jawaharlal Nehru, the organisation was active in Singapore and Malaya following Japan's successful Malayan Campaign in the Second World War.
 The Indian National Army (INA) was an armed force formed by Indian nationalists in 1942 in South east Asia, also during World War II.
 Their aim was to overthrow the British Raj in colonial India, with Japanese assistance.
 Many Indian soldiers and civilians were recruited in Singapore and Malaya to join the INA during the Japanese occupation.
 Many of them died fighting alongside the Japanese against the British in Burma during the war.
     Scholars have identified two phases in the development of the Indian community after Singaporean independence in 1965.
 The first phase, from 1965 to the early 1990s, saw a decline in the proportion of the community from 9% in 1957 to a low of 6.
4% in 1980.
 One reason was the withdrawal of British military forces in the early 1970s, which led to the repatriation of many Indian base workers.
 Another factor was the retirement of older men, who chose to return to families in India.
 Meanwhile, post-1965 immigration restrictions ended new migration from India.
 Furthermore, there was a rise in the emigration of Indian Singaporeans to the West in the late 1980s.
 During this time, the Indian population continued to grow in absolute terms due to natural increase.
 Even as it grew smaller, the community also became more settled, with several new generations born locally.
 From the 1960s to 1980s, the People's Action Party government tried to cultivate a shared national identity and to end the historical tendency of Singaporeans to identify with the national   and often nationalistic   politics of their ancestral homelands.
 While different ethnic groups were allowed, and sometimes encouraged to retain their cultural identities, they were also pushed to integrate socially, politically and economically across ethnic lines.
 The government pursued policies to integrate the races in public housing estates and national schools.
 Young men underwent two years of compulsory national service in ethnically mixed military or police camps.
 Traditional family businesses were superseded by government agencies or foreign multi-national corporations, which hired multi-ethnic workforces on the basis of meritocratic ability rather than kinship or ethnicity.
 Consequently,  the cultivation of a Singaporean identity has been largely successful in converting Indian migrants into Indian-Singaporeans.
  In general, Indian social patters and political activities became aligned and integrated within the national mainstream from the 1960s.
 Although the Singapore government championed public policies and a political discourse of racial integration and national identity, it came to recognise that important differences in the socio-economic profiles of the three main races continued to endure in the post-colonial period.
 Initially, it had set up Mendaki, a quasi-autonomous Malay community self-help group to promote educational advancement within that community to address underperformance by Malay students.
 In the 1980s, this approach - which was initially seen as an exceptional measure taken in the case of the Malay community - became entwined with the rhetoric of Asian values, which saw the promotion of a greater consciousness and pride in each citizen's own ethnic heritage, as a bulwark against the supposedly negative influences of Western cultural influences.
 Consequently, the government established the Singapore Indian Development Association (SINDA) in 1991 to address the educational and social problems of the Indian community.
 Shortly after, a similar body was set up for the majority Chinese community.
 Apart from ethnic self-help groups like SINDA (which remain controversial in Singapore), the government has in the main pursued policies emphasising racial integration and national identity.
 It is against this backdrop that immigration policies were liberalised in the 1990s, leading to an influx of foreigners in Singapore, particularly Indian nationals.
 This led to a new phase in the history of the Indian community in Singapore.
    A second phase began in the early 1990s, when immigration policies were liberalised to attract foreign professionals to boost the size and skills of the local workforce.
 The government was keen to draw in well educated migrants from Asian countries who, it was hoped, would be both keen and able to settle permanently.
 This also addressed the problem of Singapore s extremely low fertility rates.
 In addition to these professionals, unskilled foreign workers were recruited as low cost manual labour for construction sites and the cleaning sector, albeit without the prospect of permanent settlement.
 As a result of these policies, the Indian population grew faster than other groups.
 The proportion of Indian citizens and permanent residents rose from 6.
4% in 1980 to 9.
0% in 2007.
 This was mainly due to rapid growth in the number of Indian nationals who acquired Singapore permanent residency.
 The changes in the size of the Indian community were also matched by changes in its socio-economic profile.
 Skilled immigrants have helped to raise the average income and educational levels of the community, helping to elevate the general stature of Indians in Singapore.
 At the same time, there is some ambivalence, and occasionally tension, between Indian immigrants on the one hand, and locally born Indians and other Singaporeans on the other.
 In some respects, locally born Indians shares the anxienties and mixed feelings towards new immigrants (including ethnic Indians) that their Chinese and Malay counterparts feel.
 The chart below compiles data from various sources to show the evolution in the relative size of Singapore's Indian community.
       1915 Singapore Mutiny Greater India Indian National Army (INA) Indians in Singapore Indianized kingdomNew Brighton is a coastal suburb of Christchurch, New Zealand, about 8 kilometres (5.
0 mi) to the east of the city centre.
   The naming of New Brighton was apparently done on a 'spur of moment' decision by William Fee, an early settler of the area.
 When Guise Brittan, the Waste Lands Commissioner, visited the area in December 1860, he was recognised and Fee chalked 'New Brighton' on a wooden plank, supposedly in reference to his fellow settler Stephen Brooker, who had come from New Brighton in England.
 The M ori name for the area is Kaiuau (kai means food and aua is Yellow-eye mullet) or O-ruapaeroa (an east wind blowing along the shore).
 The suburb is frequently referred to simply as Brighton, occasionally leading to confusion with Brighton near Dunedin.
   The suburb is divided into three sections spread along the southern coast of Pegasus Bay: North New Brighton; New Brighton; and South New Brighton, which lies at the northern end of a narrow peninsula between the bay and the Avon Heathcote Estuary.
 A 300 metres (980 ft) pier was built here in the 1990s, and opened on November 1997.
 New Brighton was originally a distinct coastal village, separated from the then outer suburbs of Christchurch by the swampy areas adjoining the Avon River.
 However, urban expansion, land reclamation and drainage have led to Brighton being swallowed by Christchurch city.
    The current attractions of the area include: a sandy beach, with good surfing, stretching 18 km from the Waimakariri River mouth in the north, to the spit in the south swimming with (summer) surf-club-supervised areas birdwatching at the spit: godwits migrate from this area and their return is something of a local event cycling, walking, orienteering, geocaching in the extensive plantation areas which abut the northerly beach, and (of course) on the beach itself 4WD driving (permit required) in the extreme northern beach area pier and Council library on the foreshore, in Central New Brighton the New Brighton and Districts Museum, located on Hardy Street restaurants and art/craft-related shops: in growing numbers Home of the first surf life saving club in New Zealand established in 1910, also North Beach Surf Club to the north and South New Brighton Surf Club to the south Community market on the first and third Saturday of each month - held in the pedestrian part of the New Brighton Mall by the New Brighton Project Rawhiti Domain - with a Christchurch City Council-run golf links, tennis courts, dog park, rugby fields, cricket ovals, netball courts, community carden, archery club and children's play area   For several decades, New Brighton had the distinction of being the only place in Christchurch where general retail shops were permitted to open on Saturdays (remaining closed on Mondays), and the business district thrived as a result.
 With the introduction of nationwide Saturday trading in 1980, and then seven-day trading in 1990, retail activity declined significantly.
   A variety of bus routes connect the city centre with New Brighton.
 The Metroinfo website has further information.
   In December 2012 residents held a protest against the perceived slow progress of rebuilding in the area following the region's damaging earthquakes, in which 80 people bared their bottoms.
 Christchurch Mayor Bob Parker said he wasn't offended, but the residents were "wrong".
    Frederick A.
 Poth Houses is a set of four historic homes located in the Powelton Village neighborhood of Philadelphia, Pennsylvania.
 They were built in 1890, and consist of three double houses and a half double.
 The buildings are built of brick, with limestone trim and mansard roofs in the German Gothic-style.
 They feature elaborately decorated dormers, balcony-like projections, and spidery porches.
 It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1979.
  The Roman Catholic Diocese of Masaka (Latin: Masaka n(sis)) is a diocese located in the city of Masaka in the Ecclesiastical province of Kampala in Uganda.
   May 25, 1939: Established as Apostolic Vicariate of Masaka from the Apostolic Vicariate of Uganda March 25, 1953: Promoted as Diocese of Masaka   Bishops of Masaka (Roman rite) Bishop John Baptist Kaggwa (since 1998.
01.
10) Bishop Adrian Kivumbi Ddungu R.
I.
P.
 (1961.
11.
11   1998.
01.
10) Archbishop Joseph Kiw nuka, M.
 Afr.
 R.
I.
P.
 (1953.
03.
25   1960.
12.
20)  Vicars Apostolic of Masaka (Roman rite) Archbishop Joseph Kiw nuka, M.
 Afr.
 R.
I.
P.
 (1939.
05.
25   1953.
03.
25)   Roman Catholicism in Uganda Masaka    Our Lady of Ransom and the Holy Souls Church is a Roman Catholic Parish church in Llandrindod Wells.
 It was founded by the Society of Jesus in 1907.
 It was rebuilt in 1972.
 Its original foundation was the only church the Jesuits built in central Wales.
   The Jesuits came to Llandrindod Wells from St Beuno's College near St Asaph and set up a Mass centre in 1907.
 Masses were originally held in the old presbytery.
 Later, at some point in the 20th century, the Jesuits handed over the administration of the church to the Diocese of Menevia who continue to serve the parish.
 In 1972, a new church was built on Victoria Road, where it still continues to function.
   The church is the centre of the Llandrindod Wells Deanery.
 It has Sunday Mass at 11:00am.
     St Beuno's Ignatian Spirituality Centre   ^ a b Churches from Llandrindod Wells, Powys retrieved 20 October 2013 ^ a b Parishes from Diocese of Menevia retrieved 13 March 2014 ^ Our Lady Of Ransom And The Holy Souls from Catholic Directory retrieved 13 March 2014  Ogdensburg is a city in St.
 Lawrence County, New York, United States.
 The population was 11,128 at the 2010 census.
 In the late 18th century, European-American settlers named the community after American land owner and developer Samuel Ogden.
 The City of Ogdensburg is at the northern border of New York, at the mouth of the Oswegatchie River, on the south bank of the St.
 Lawrence River.
 It is the only formally designated city in Saint Lawrence County.
 The Port of Ogdensburg is the only U.
S.
 port on the St.
 Lawrence Seaway.
 Ogdensburg International Airport is located south of the city.
 The Ogdensburg Prescott International Bridge, northeast of the city, links the United States and Canada.
   This was ancient territory of indigenous peoples of varying cultures.
 By 1000 CE, Iroquoian-speaking people were settling along the St.
 Lawrence River and practicing agriculture, as well as hunting and fishing.
 Since the 1950s, historians, linguists, and archeologists have found evidence of a distinct people, the St.
 Lawrence Iroquoians, who inhabited the areas along the St.
 Lawrence River from before 1300 until the late 16th century.
 They spoke Laurentian and were a group distinct from the later historical five and Six Nations of the Iroquois Haudenosaunee.
 By the late 16th century, this people disappeared from the St.
 Lawrence Valley, probably due to warfare by the Mohawk over the fur trade.
 By the time of later French contact, for instance in the early 17th century with Samuel de Champlain, the Five Nations of the Haudenosaunee: Mohawk, Onondaga, Oneida, Cayuga, and Seneca, were allied in the Iroquois Confederacy, based in present-day New York.
 Onondaga settlements extended up along the south shore of Lake Ontario.
 Both the Huron and Mohawk used the St.
 Lawrence Valley for hunting grounds and as a path for war parties.
 The earliest European settlement in the area was a French mission, built by Abb  Picquet in 1749.
 Located near the mouth of the Fleuve Oswegache (Oswegatchie River), he named it Fort de La Pr sentation (Fort of the Presentation).
 The mission attracted natives for the fur trade, many of whom settled in the village and converted to Catholicism.
 Mostly Onondaga, the converted Iroquois at the mission became known as Oswegatchie.
 By 1755, there were 3,000 Iroquois living at the mission settlement.
 By comparison, Montreal had only 4,000 residents at the time.
 Oswegatchie was one of the Seven Nations of Canada.
 The residents were hostile to the encroachments of British colonists on their territory.
 During the 1750s and the Seven Years' War, warriors from this fort were allied with French officers in attacking British colonists in the Champlain, Mohawk and Ohio valleys.
 The city is near the site of the 1760 Battle of the Thousand Islands between British and French forces during the Seven Years' War (also known in the US as the French and Indian War.
) After the British victory, France ceded its land in Canada to England.
 The English renamed the installation Fort Oswegatchie, after the native name for the river (as it sounded in French).
 As with the other mission settlements, the British did not disturb the relationship of the Oswegatchie and their Catholic priests.
 This became part of Lower Canada or Quebec province.
 The village remained under British rule until 1796 following the American Revolutionary War.
 With the northern border redefined by Jay's Treaty, the settlement became part of United States territory.
 The first settlers under a United States flag arrived that year.
 United States settlers essentially drove the Oswegatchie, former British allies, out of the area; many went to Akwesasne or other Mohawk reserves in Canada.
 New American residents named the village Ogdensburgh after Samuel Ogden, an early landowner.
 The community developed around this early settlement and was designated the county seat from 1802 to 1828.
 During the War of 1812, the city was captured by British forces to end the partial blockade on the St.
 Lawrence River and harassment conducted from the community.
 Local merchants used the absence of United States troops to conduct extensive trade with Canada.
 The community was incorporated as a village in 1817.
 Unlike Plattsburgh, it removed the "h" in the spelling of its name.
 The locale became the City of Ogdensburg in 1868.
 Ogdensburg was an important trading city and station in the development of railroads in northern New York and southeastern Canada; the Ogdensburg & Lake Champlain Railroad (later Rutland Railroad) (1849), Rome, Watertown & Ogdensburg Railroad (1853) and Portland & Ogdensburg Railway (never completed), all involved lines through the area.
 In 1940 the town was the site of the signing of the Ogdensburg Agreement between Canadian Prime Minister Mackenzie King and United States President Franklin D.
 Roosevelt.
 This renewed the ties between the two countries after the 1939 outbreak of World War II in Europe.
 The celebrated German POW Franz von Werra escaped from Canada to Ogdensburg in a rowboat.
 The Library Park Historic District, Judge John Fine House, Acker and Evans Law Office, New York State Armory, Oswegatchie Pumping Station, Ogdensburg Armory, Robert C.
 McEwen United States Custom House, United States Post Office, and Fort de La Pr sentation Site are listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
   As of the census of 2000, there were 12,364 people, 4,181 households, and 2,583 families residing in the city.
 The population density was 2,440.
0 people per square mile (941.
6/km ).
 There were 4,531 housing units at an average density of 894.
2 per square mile (345.
1/km ).
 The racial makeup of the city was 85.
05% White, 9.
92% African American, 0.
80% Native American, 0.
69% Asian, 0.
06% Pacific Islander, 2.
81% from other races, and 0.
67% from two or more races.
 Hispanic or Latino of any race were 6.
22% of the population.
 There were 4,181 households out of which 31.
1% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 41.
5% were married couples living together, 15.
1% had a female householder with no husband present, and 38.
2% were non-families.
 32.
3% of all households were made up of individuals and 14.
2% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older.
 The average household size was 2.
39 and the average family size was 2.
98.
 In the city the population was spread out with 21.
3% under the age of 18, 9.
5% from 18 to 24, 35.
3% from 25 to 44, 21.
3% from 45 to 64, and 12.
4% who were 65 years of age or older.
 The median age was 36 years.
 For every 100 females there were 127.
6 males.
 For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 134.
6 males.
 The median income for a household in the city was $27,954, and the median income for a family was $36,236.
 Males had a median income of $32,358 versus $21,485 for females.
 The per capita income for the city was $12,650.
 About 14.
2% of families and 18.
3% of the population were below the poverty line, including 23.
3% of those under age 18 and 13.
6% of those age 65 or over.
   The following schools are in the city of Ogdensburg: Ogdensburg Free Academy John F.
 Kennedy Elementary Grant C.
 Madill Elementary SMDA (private)   Ogdensburg is home to the St.
 Lawrence Psychiatric Center, a mental health service provider offering both inpatient and outpatient services.
 The SLPC is part of the New York State Office of Mental Health (OMH) and serves the general public.
 Two private educational institutions, now closed, were formerly located in Ogdensburg.
 After Mater Dei College closed, its campus was occupied from 2001 to 2009 by Academy at Ivy Ridge.
 The privately operated boarding school enrolled teenagers with behavioral issues.
 The Ogdensburg Public Library provides services including, but not limited to, free internet services, (wi-fi and computers that can be borrowed), as well as seven-day DVD and Blu-ray rentals, books, audiobooks and much more.
 There are services provided for teens, children and adults.
 The city is the site of the Frederic Remington Art Museum.
 The downtown museum is housed in the former family mansion of local industrialist David Parish on Washington Street.
 While the house was always called the Parish Mansion, Eva Remington lived there as a widow after the death of her husband Frederic Remington.
 He was notable for his paintings of the American West.
 The collection of Remington art and memorabilia is based on items from the estates of Eva Remington and her sister Emma.
 The Fort La Presentation Association has been organized to reconstruct and operate the mission fort as a living history museum.
 They intend to use it as a basis for education and heritage tourism, as well as an appreciation for the diverse history and peoples of the area.
 Ogdensburg is the site of two correctional facilities: Riverview and Ogdensburg.
 Run by the New York State Department of Correctional Services, the facilities provide jobs for local residents.
 One is located on the grounds of the former St.
 Lawrence Psychiatric Center.
 The other was built directly across New York State Route 37.
 Ogdensburg has become a cross-border shipping center due to Canadians ordering goods on the internet and having them delivered to package receiving companies in Ogdensburg, and then driving to Ogdensburg to bring the items into Canada themselves.
 Often this is due to U.
S.
 companies offering web shopping but not shipping to Canada or charging a much higher price for items (or shipping charges) being sent to Canada.
 Businesses also warehouse their materials in Ogdensburg for shipping to locations in the U.
S.
 and overseas.
   The Ogdensburg Boys & Girls Club Expo is held on the 3rd weekend in March, and is one of the main fundraisers for that organization.
 The last full week in July is the occasion of the annual Ogdensburg International Seaway Festival.
 Among the events of the week are the Remington Canoe Race, a local Battle of the High School Bands competition, craft shows, a classic car show, and many other events.
 The festival ends with a fireworks show on Friday night and a parade on Saturday morning.
   Jimmy Howard, professional hockey goaltender for the Detroit Red Wings, member of the 2014 USA Olympic ice hockey team George R.
 Malby, former US Congressman John Mosher, writer and film critic Mark Valley, actor and comedian M.
 Emmet Walsh, actor Henry Reid Paige, Major General, United States Marine Corps   WPAC-FM PAC 98.
7 www.
pac987fm.
com WVLF-FM Mix 96.
1 www.
mymix961.
com WRCD-FM 101.
5 The Fox www.
1015thefox.
com    Thomas Edmund Scroggy (March 18, 1843 - March 6, 1915) was a U.
S.
 Representative from Ohio.
   Born in Harveysburg, Ohio, Scroggy attended the public schools.
 He engaged in manufacturing.
 Enlisted in July 1861 as a private in Company H, Thirty-ninth Regiment, Ohio Volunteer Infantry, and served in that capacity and as corporal.
 Honorably discharged and mustered out at Camp Dennison in March 1865.
 In June 1865 Scroggy engaged in the retail business in Xenia, Ohio.
 He was elected Justice of the Peace in 1869 and served one term.
 He studied law.
 He was admitted to the bar September 8, 1871, and commenced practice in Xenia, Ohio.
 He served three terms as clerk and three terms as solicitor of the city of Xenia.
 Common Pleas Judge in 1898, and again elected for a term of five years beginning February 1904 from which he resigned upon his election to Congress.
 Scroggy was elected as a Republican to the Fifty-ninth Congress (March 4, 1905-March 3, 1907).
 He was not a candidate for renomination in 1906.
 He resumed the practice of his profession.
 He moved to Tulsa, Oklahoma, in 1912, where he died March 6, 1915.
 He was interred in Woodlawn Cemetery, Xenia, Ohio.
   Thomas E.
 Scroggy at the Biographical Directory of the United States Congress Retrieved on 2008-11-03  Lourinhasaurus (meaning "Lourinh  lizard") was a sauropod dinosaur genus hailing from Late Jurassic strata from two localities in Estremadura, Portugal.
   The type and only known species is Lourinhasaurus alenquerensis, named for the locality of Alenquer.
 The first find in 1957, a partial fossil skeleton found near Alenquer, was named Apatosaurus alenquerensis by Albert-F lix de Lapparent and Georges Zbyszewski.
 McIntosh (1990) proposed that it might rather be a species of Camarasaurus.
 However, the find of another partial skeleton, including a tooth and 100 gastroliths, in co-eval strata near the town of Lourinh  in 1983, allowed the identification of the fossils as a distinct form from Apatosaurus and Camarasaurus by Dantas et al.
 (1998).
 The genus name refers to the new locality.
 Lourinhasaurus alenquerensis is a herbivorous dinosaur measuring an estimated 17 meters (56 feet) in length.
 It's characterized by the morphology of its first seven dorsal vertebrae with relatively high, bifurcated neural apophyses; also, the posterior cervical vertebrae have prominent ventral longitudinal keels on their centra.
 L.
 alenquerensis due to the lack of a skull is only classifiable as an eusauropod and it was found by Upchurch (2004) to be the sister taxon to Neosauropoda.
 It's thought it may have resembled Camarasaurus, albeit with proportionately longer forelimbs.
 In the meantime a third fossil sauropod skeleton was discovered.
 It had passing similarities to L.
 alenquerensis, thus being referred to the genus at first, but later was recognized as different enough to warrant a description under the genus Dinheirosaurus.
 For some time there was the possibility that these genera were synonymous, but further phylogenetic analysis dispelled such a notion.
 Mocho et al.
 (2014) revised and redescribed the fossil remains that constitute the Lourinhasaurus alenquerensis lectotype, including elements never described before.
 The phylogenetic hypothesis proposed by Mocho et al.
 (2014) suggests that Lourinhasaurus is a basal member of the Macronaria closely related to Camarasaurus, a genus of the Upper Jurassic Morrison Formation.
 This study recovered for the first time in a cladistic analysis, Camarasauridae as a monophyletic clade, including Camarasaurus, Lourinhasaurus and Tehuelchesaurus.
   Lapparent, A.
F.
 de; & Zbyszewski, G.
 1957: Les dinosauriens de Portugal.
 M m.
 Serv.
 g ol.
 Port.
 2: 1-63.
 McIntosh, J.
S.
 1990.
 Sauropoda.
 In Weishampel, D.
B.
; Dodson, P.
; & Osm lska, H.
 (eds.
): The Dinosauria.
 Berkeley (University of California Press): 345-401.
 Dantas, P.
; Sanz, J.
 L.
; Marques da Silva, C.
; Ortega, F.
; dos Santos V.
F.
; & Cach o, M.
 1998: Lourinhasaurus n.
 gen.
 Novo dinoss urio saur pode do Jur ssico superior (Kimmeridgiano superior-Tithoniano inferior) de Portugal.
 Comunica es do Instituto Geol gico e Mineiro 84 (1A) : 91-94 Original description of the genus (in Portuguese) Antunes, M.
T.
; & Mateus, O.
 2003: Dinosaurs of Portugal.
 Comptes Rendus Palevol 2(1): 77-96.
 Lourinhasaurus at Dinosauria.
com Lourinhasaurus at DinoData Upchurch, P.
, Barrett, P.
M.
 and Dodson, P.
 2004.
 Sauropoda.
 In The Dinosauria, 2nd edition.
 D.
 Weishampel, P.
 Dodson, and H.
 Osm lska (eds.
).
 University of California Press, Berkeley.
 pp.
 259 322.
 Pedro Mocho, Rafael Royo-Torres y Francisco Ortega.
  Phylogenetic reassessment of Lourinhasaurus alenquerensis, a basal Macronaria (Sauropoda) from the Upper Jurassic of Portugal , Zoological Journal of the Linnean Society, 2014.
 DOI: 10.
1111/zoj.
12113.
John Alan Claughton (born 17 September 1956, in Guiseley, Leeds) is Chief Master of King Edward's School, Birmingham (K.
E.
S.
), and a former English first-class cricketer.
 Claughton was a right-handed batsman, who bowled slow left-arm orthodox.
   In 1975, Claughton was captain of his school cricket team (K.
E.
S.
) where he later became chief master.
 He made his first-class debut for Oxford University against Gloucestershire in 1976 scoring a century in the second innings thus scoring a century on debut.
 Claughton played 37 first-class matches for the University from 1976 to 1979, with his final first-class match for Oxford coming against Cambridge University.
 In his 37 first-class matches for the University, he scored 1,365 runs at a batting average of 21.
32, with five half centuries and two centuries, with a high score of 130 against Sussex in 1978.
 Additionally, in 1978 he made his List-A debut for the Combined Universities against Hampshire in the 1978 Benson and Hedges Cup, during which he played 3 further List-A matches in the tournament for the team.
 In 1978, Claughton made his first-class debut for Warwickshire against Lancashire in the County Championship.
 Claughton represented Warwickshire in 18 first-class matches from 1978 to 1980, with his final first-class match coming against the touring West Indians.
 In his 15 first-class appearances for the county, he scored 545 runs at an average of 21.
80, with two centuries and a high score of 108* against Worcestershire in 1980.
